reviewText:Works good, however is not "like a new" with a little not important defect in appearance!Really good, and works fantastic!prediction:4
reviewText:This was exactly what was needed and has worked flawlessly since being received. I recommend it, if you need one.prediction:4
reviewText:covers the controller more then others and is pretty durable, great grip to it as well and keeps its color, looks solid.prediction:4
reviewText:This is not the first one of these I have had, in fact this is about my 8th. There are many different skin types and different skin makers, so you have to judge each on it's own merit. My controller skin arrived today, well ahead of expected delivery, just as described solid black and silicone. Fit is just perfect, and installation had no problems. Good comfortable smooth texture, while still providing a much better grip than on the hard slick controller plastic. I like to clean my game equipent regularly, and I always clean even new items before using. This is a great way to test the quality of the item, I cleaned the skin using isopropanal alchohol, no gumming (like you get with lower grade skins)and no color bleed onto the rag, this tells me it is definitly silicone not some rubber stuff. Once on the controller grip is good, comfort is good, feel is natural. I am very pleased with this controller skin, I have been needing to get one for my extra controller. I will definitly be ordering a few more later, a friend has a birthday coming up.prediction:4
reviewText:I really like this skin. It makes the controller nicer to play with, and looks nice as well.Yes, i would recommend this to a friend.prediction:4
reviewText:just right! works great , I' ll be ordering again laters! hope you will still be there then! see you!prediction:4
reviewText:I bought this because I recently bought a gamecube for old times sake. This memory card works great, and was one of the cheaper cards.prediction:4
reviewText:My nephew wanted an older gamecube game to play in our Wii. Once I purchased the game for him, we found out that the Wii controllers won't work with the gamecube games when played in the Wii. After doing a little research, I realized we needed the classic gamecube controller and a gamecube memory card. Once we got both of those, the gamecube game that we bought finally worked! After playing the game for a bit while being &#34;tethered&#34; to the Wii system because of the cable for the controller, we decided we needed extension cables to have a bit more freedom. So we got these controller extension cables. He is happy!prediction:4
reviewText:These are great. If you have a wii and use your GameCube controllers these are a must have. I can sit on the couch and not have to lean in towards the console and have the freedom to move around. They're perfectprediction:4
reviewText:Breath of Fire III's old-school graphics capture the feel of old RPGs, and how good they were, playing on NES and Super NES, back in the old days. Now  I still play SNES, playing such good games as Super Godzilla, Breath of  Fire I, and the Final Fantasy series. The storyline goes as follows--Ryu is  a survivor of an ancient race of dragons, the Brood, which nearly destroyed  the world. However, he is a good dragon. He allies himself with Yraall  Region thieves, Rei and fellow dragon Teepo, who at the time doesn't know  he's a dragon. He aligns himself with the young Princess of Wyndia,  Princess Nina, and the daughter of a smart scientist, Momo, a mutated  vegetable named Peco who has a lot of significance at the end of the game,  and a Guardian of Urkan Tapa who's race once fought and defeated the  dragons in a war, Garr. Together they quest to find Ryu's origin and other  members of his race, and to find out if Ryu is evil or not. With beautiful  music, surroundings, and a great storyline, this is one of the best RPGs of  all--with many mini-games abound and a fantastic battle system. Definitely  get this if you're a fan of Capcom RPGs.prediction:4
reviewText:Game works great, amazing story that brings back childhood memories, i love it!!! Awesome game to have that is old school.prediction:4
reviewText:Except for having to switch discs all the time!!!  I know it's a fact that this game was so big, you had to swap discs, that's the only reason I didn't give it a 5!!!  Other than that the game is completely immersive.  It puts you right in the world of Riven.  This game inspired me to purchase Myst.  Part I in the series.  I hope that they make more of these games for the Playstation 2 and 3 coming out.  Myst III: Exile was the last game to be ported on the Playstation 2.  Come on Cyan, put more out for the Playstations!!prediction:4
reviewText:I really like playing this game with my son. He has so much fun with it.prediction:4
reviewText:This is my family,s favorite fighting game. From my six year old daughter on up to my 10yr. old son they love this game.  The graphics along with the sounds and moves are excellent also, there is a great character selection to choose from.prediction:4
reviewText:It's great to play if you have nothing to do well anyaway. The level's are so cool it's get's better each time you go to a new level. Each level have something you must do before you go on. There are alot of little places that you can fine little small heath pack's get those you will need it because there is always someone trying to stop you and kill you O, if you fine anything useful get that too.Sometimes the informate is right there in your face you just got to look that's all.This was my only game that I own for my playstation. That the time I did't know if I sould play it or leave it alone will I play it and you know what, I like it for once a woman is doing the thing and I said it's about time, do you know what I mean??Well go have fun I did. Take your time and do it right I did and I got good at.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best game I have yet to play.  It took me six months to finally defeat,figure out and fight my way to the end of this game.  This game was like a very suspenseful movie that I was controlling. Many times in the game I was actually sweating from fear. You don,t know what,s waiting for you around each corner, waiting to jump out at you and scare the crap out of you. Even my family and onlookers were startled or to afraid to play this game because of the  realism captured in enormous worlds and creepy CD sounds.prediction:4
reviewText:This takes back memories when I first played Tomb Raider.  It's both chalenging and fun.  Its remake is just added stuff and newly improved stages.prediction:4
reviewText:Use to play this as a kid and when I played it, it brought back all kinds of memories from my childhood. Definitely a game to have if you are or were a fan of wrestling.prediction:4
reviewText:Loved it!!! One of the best games in this genre. Good story, and even has the guy from the first Terminator who protects the woman (can't think of his name) as one of the main actors in the cutscenes, and James Earl Jones. High production values.  The game play is top notch.prediction:4
reviewText:Words really can describe how wonderful this game is. The first thing you will notice is the incredible graphics (note: a 3D card is not required!.) Everything is drawn in great detail right down to character traits and facial expressions (who would have thought a fleshless person would be so good with expressions.) The story is also very entertaining and added with the graphics, it makes this a very absorbing adventure. This is one of the few games that I can't say anything negative about. This is a must have!prediction:4
reviewText:If they made more games like this, I'd be a pauper. Intelligent, funny, easy to use, easy to solve, and no bloody chess problems. It's also thought-provoking, gorgeous, well-written, and as believable as talking skeletons and elevator demons can make it. One of my favorites that I play over and over again. One caveat: At least one puzzle seems to be tied to processor speed, so if you have a fast machine you'll need to download a patch from the manufacturers' website. Well worth the trouble, though.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the EPITOME of graphic adventures. No other game has even come close to GRIM FANTANGO when it comes to humor (of all shades and shapes), inventiveness, delicious irony, creative graphics and plain good-ol' FUN!!This is a 10-year old game mind you - yet, it retains its freshness as any true work of art. THIS IS HOW COMPUTER GAMES SHOULD HAVE BEEN - and not the pathetic cookie-cutter products of mega-corporations working in-tandem with GX-card companies...Your character (hilarious and lovable Manny Calavera) is already...dead when you start. In fact he has been dead for some time, stuck in limbo, trying to pay his way to a better afterlife by selling tickets to other souls on their way to paradise. Guess what: corruption is not limited just to this world. And where there is corruption, there is oppression; and where there is oppression, there is always a revolution brewing...Realizing he is being duped, Manny reluctantly joins the afterlife underground and takes us in a tour de force of one of the MOST BEAUTIFUL GAME EVER PRODUCED. Immersing noirish atmosphere, detailed art-deco settings, fast Bogartian dialogs - with a subtle ironic frosting.WARNING: There are known problems with today's faster processors. So, unless you have a really old system running Win98 you will need the WinXP PATCH (otherwise you will not get past the crane scene).WITH THE HIGHEST RECOMMENDATIONS!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Half Life Revolutionized PC gaming.  It is one of the greatest IF not The best pc game ever made.  It has bin said that from almost every Pc Mag or Game mag.  I was a few to own this masterpiece when it first hit stores and all I can say is...wowThis game really changed about the FPS gaming.  It just made me think different about FPS.  It truly is a masterpiece.  I won't spoil this games amazing story of the g man's adventure.  I wont even say how good this game is you just have to play it for your self.The graphics for that time was amazing and so will the upcoming HALF LIFE 2 BABY!  nuff saidThe gameplay.......You're a moron if You acctually think I'm gonna go into that since we already no how incredible the game is....Nuff' saidThe story is what makes this game...a game..it's not just any shooter...it's history in the making..well for games atleast...I'm just gonna make this short and sweet for you...THIS GAME IS AMAZING!Of course this deserves a5 out of 5 stars!!!!!!!Amazing...Just amazing...Nuff said get the game before HL2 comes out..Lates..prediction:4
reviewText:Alright already. It's a great game. Good AI, graphics. Runs well. Atmospheric. Great story and dialogue. Comedy. Blah, blah, blah.Wait a minute. I got a complaint! That movie in the beginning. You can't escape  it. It just goes on and on babbling while you're stuck in a stupid tram  car. Sheesh. What a bore. That kind of nonsense will cost you a star.  Later, I went thru that ride a few times because I grew to like the eerie  understated music. Still, I think I should have been able to skip the intro  movie. Ruined the whole game for me.prediction:4
reviewText:Really enjoyed this classic FPS. Hardcore gamers wont be disappointed. i highly recommend purchasing. Graphics are great, story-line is solid (and not so short) , audio is excellent and the price is right.prediction:4
reviewText:As a fan of Myst and Riven, I would not put this game in the same  category.  However, it does equally well for it's type.  Myst and Riven  don't have a main character that you are per se, whereas in this game, you  have a name and a face.The game puts you in the shoes of one agent Craig  Wilmore.  He is put on a case to find the missing X-files staff: Agents Fox  Mulder and Dana Scully.  As an X-files fan, I found this game very  entertaining.  As a gamer it was well within the genre of adventure games.  There were hints, stuff to pick up, things to do etc.  This was well  within the capabilities of non-X filers and should be equally entertaining.I likened this game to the Gabriel Knight 2: The Beast within and  Phantasmagoria.  Unlike Phantasmagoria, there were no gory scenes (of which  I was thankful). The people were movies of real people and not cartoons.  The dialgue though limited offered enough variability. One important point  would be to save often.  I got killed alot.The game had enough of a  plot you could figure out what to do next.  That is essential rather than  blindly clicking on everything you could pick up.All in all a good buy.  When's the next one?prediction:4
reviewText:This is most likely one of the best N64 Games Ever made, Its way better then Super mario 64 in everyway (and possibly Zelda too), its rich, colorful and very addicting, The soundtracks are also one of my favorite things about the game- it has a happy and also very awesome tune to them making them addictive (you just cant stop listening to it!), and the world designs (10 total I believe) are all very Beautiful and Gorgeous, I've beaten the game to 100% and I still go back to the worlds and gaze in thier amazement, its just really cool, this game is a MUST HAVE for any Nintendo 64 player, Im serious if you dont have this, your missing out BIG time.PS. check out its Sequel Banjo-Tooie after you've bought this!prediction:4
reviewText:Banjo-Kazooie is one of my favorite games, and it works perfectly after all these years and being shipped around the country. perfect.prediction:4
reviewText:I have never played anything like this since. Everything from Sly  Racoon, to Ratchet and Clank, owe it to this.Wicked witch Gruntilda takes Banjo's sister to hey layer, miles away in a realistic 3D cartoon world.Banjo is a bear with Kazooie a bird in his backpack that can help him jump and fly and basically you learn to do lots of things with it. You solve puzzles via action and collect tolkens across lovely maps. Mumbo Jumbo transforms Banjo into some other creatures along the way. You can fly. It was amazing. A full adventure all the way to end. We played it for months and I have NEVER played anything like it again. The makers of Donkey Kong released it at the best time. It is now up to the future generations to make adventure concepts better than this one. This is one of the best N64 games ever.prediction:4
reviewText:CRASH is my favorite videogame character.. i remember playing it when it first came out with my sister on the PS1 waaaaay back.... This is SO fun. I love this game!!!!!! JUST BUY ITTTTprediction:4
reviewText:Once again, Crash Bandicoot takes a big step up to greatness! "Crash Bandicoot 3: WARPED" was fantastic! It was even better than the second one. Better graphics, story, music, and gameplay.The enemies were fun just like in the first one and the new vehicles available were awesome, like the bi-planes, space fighter, Pura the Tiger, and the jet-ski. Also, it wasn't as difficult to gather the Crystals and Gems as it was in the second part. The environments were better and the new powers that Crash Bandicoot acquires are totally awesome: the Super Belly-Flop, Speed Shoes, Death-Tornado Spin Attack, and the totally awesome Fruit Bazooka! This is definitely one of the best of the games in the Crash Bandicoot Trilogy. You Crash fans MUST get this game!prediction:4
reviewText:Crash Bandicoot: Warped = Orange, cool, creative, fuzzy, neat, great graphics, awesome design, introduction of secret levels for the series, power-ups, new bosses (including a big boss), and a new playable character.  These things are what make this a major improvement on the two previous games.  Crash 1 was a breakthrough, Crash 2 opened up a new world, and this game completely blows it all away.  This was how I got hooked on Crash Bandicoot.  I played this and loved it.  I recommend it.prediction:4
reviewText:Graphics: 10/10 - The best visuals of the series! The colours shine fantastically and it all looks stunningly beautiful. The characters are clear and the game has backgrounds I could feast on.Sound: 9/10 - Great uses of evil voicing and fantastic sound editing detail makes Crash 3's sound get a notch up.Value: 10/10 - You'll be begging for more!Overall: 10/10 - Fantastically detailed game that mixes genres and characters into a big story that erupts with fabulous enjoyment. In short: buy it.prediction:4
reviewText:I came upon this game in the late 90s/early 00s. Me and a couple of friends would play it religiously and I must say that although the characters are better and more original in this game, Perfect Dark (if you haven't had a chance to play that) is the superior shooter.They both are fun in their own right though. They were both made by Rare which did WONDERS for the N64 gracing us with the aforementioned games and also Diddy Kong Racing which I played for hours on end with friends also.Fun levels to play in and the music was pretty damn good too. Like I said, I liked the characters, Natalia being my absolute favorite and I kept coming back to this game.Even the single-player mode was fun. Just not nearly as fun as the multi-player mode.Fun: Single-Player: C+ Multi-player: B+Sound: B-Characters: B+Controls: A-Overall: Bprediction:4
reviewText:In the year 1997, Goldeneye was released for the Nintendo 64 by Rare, an unknown company and new 2nd party developer. Rare had already made several games for the NES and enters the Nintendo 64 market with this release based on the classic James Bond movie of the same title. You can ask anyone who had a Nintendo 64 if they ever played this game and why it was so popular. You're guaranteed to hear 2 reasons in particular why this game is so revered.REASON #1: This game is a prime example of how a developer took its time to make this game. It was more than 2 years since the movie it was based on came out and Rare had access to everything concerning the movie from the original orchestral music, likeness of the main characters and locations to the bonus villains of other James Bond movies such as Oddjob and Mayday. They didn't rush this out the door like some developers do when they wanted their games released alongside the films it was based on and it always guaranteed to be a huge mistake. This game was a huge success and is still played by many video gamers.REASON #2: Nintendo had no idea that the multi-player section of this game would be just as popular to play in or more popular than the single player mode. Rare admitted in an interview after the game was released that they had no intentions of putting together a multi-player mode until later in its development stages. Though it may be limited by today's standards, you had the basics: several stages based on the single player mode, all of the weapons were available, all of the main characters plus the enemy soldiers and classic Bond villains and several game modes such as free for all death match, team death match, you only live twice (2 lives) etc. and you can select the weapons in group categories along with time limits per match. This added a lot of re-playability after you finished the single player mode.If you don't have a Nintendo 64, this game is reason enough to get it. This game helped Nintendo sell so many systems and it is a title I highly recommend getting if you can find it. It's a great game to play by yourself and an absolute blast to play with 3 of your friends. Peace. :)prediction:4
reviewText:Awesome controls, greta levels, killer music, loads of cool guns and awesome James Bond.  The perfect shooter!  Played this one a lot.prediction:4
reviewText:I still get this game out. Everything is ideal, if they can't recreate this it will be a shame. N64 ruled in the old days, this and Mario were so amazingly fun, it was constant, you could play for months on end and still love it to death while finding something entirely new and exciting.prediction:4
reviewText:Ever since I purshased GOLDENEYE 007 on the old N64, I became highly addicted to it, like many other gamers around the world. I also have to thank this game as well, because it made me a hardcore James Bond fan.This is the best first-person shooting game ever! Although dated, the detail of this game is amazing. There's over 14 levels of shooting! My favorite missions are the first level, the Silo mission, the Train mission, and the very last level.Highly recommended game; it fuels the senses! If you like James Bond, or any type of video game, get it! Mostly all of you have.prediction:4
reviewText:Goldeneye has to be one of the best multiplayer games ever.  I still play this game against friends even though i have a ps2 now.  The graphics are still ok to look at, even though i have seen far better on dc and ps2. It has excellant replay value and is very challenging to defeat on all difficulty settings.  Pick this up if you want the best fps on n64.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of my favorite FPS's of all time. It stands right alongside Halo, and Battlefield 1942. The single player missions are done wonderfully, the enviroments are great, and the multiplayer is the best I have ever played.BUY THIS!prediction:4
reviewText:Yeah this is one of the classics that blew away everyone (N64 MAGAZINES got better because of it!!!) and bonded friends and family for years on end. There was no other game like it. Empire magazine started writing better games reviews because of it. This was a mental good multiplayer in 1997. We all played this side by side for years. I can't say I have played anything quite like it since. Golden Eye N64. Yeah, those where the days!!! I remember this left Playstation 1 owners in awe.prediction:4
reviewText:Golden Eye is widely considered one of the best FPS ever made. It is a great solid game, and I recommend this game to everybody.prediction:4
reviewText:Brings back memories of days long gone by. As i've turned from kid to teen, from teen to young adult and some day to old man, the nostalgia and memory of my childhood in the '90s becomes ever more appealing to me. Back in the days of summer vacations, weekends off, few worries and fewer obligations and responsibilities.prediction:4
reviewText:always love Gran turismo so I wanted the ones from PS1. This came in good condition, and with all the manuals too. Pretty sweet this game is almost 15 years old and it's still aroundprediction:4
reviewText:This was the first real game I ever played along with the first I ever owned. Despite the fact that I've grown out of many kids games and spend my time focused on M-rated games with a lot of violence or sexual themes, this is one of those games I most definitely have not grown out of. I love the tracks, the weapons, the characters(Yoshi's my favorite), and simplely how much fun this game still delivers to this very day. The replay value is endless, and multiplayer is still very engaging(It's always fun to humiliate your friends at this game). This game is what got me started on games and it will continue to be one of my most memorable games in my life as a gamer.prediction:4
reviewText:I have loved this game from day 1. I was happy to find it and receive it quickly and safely.prediction:4
reviewText:Excellent game all around except one thing....The game CHEATS.You can be in first place and magically all the computer controlled racers somehow manage to catch up to you anyway.Now, if you're in last place you literally have no chance of catching up.Not fair.Not cool.That aside....if you develop your skills you'll still win.After much practice I still managed to beat the game even though it blatantly cheats.Great graphics.Every character you love from the Mario universe.I think Toad is my favorite, when he gets hit LOL. The noise he (it?) makes is hilarious.The courses are inventive and enjoyable.The music fits in perfectly.Did I mention it cheats?That's my only complaint.Otherwise another five star winner from Nintendo.Highly recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:This game was shipped quickly, and was in very good condition.  I have great memories of playing this game when I was young, and now my son and I can make new memories.  Thanks very much!!prediction:4
reviewText:I remember I was 6, and I had just gotten a Nintendo 64. At such a young age most of the games out were too complicated for me and I had to find something I could understand. Enter Mario Kart 64. This game is pure and simple, you pick a character and race with seven other famous Nintendo stars in 16 detailed (for N64, anyway) stages. This was one of the N64's first games, so for me it turned the system into a classic which I still play today.This game was much better than Super Mario Kart, and much better than Double Dash. In this game you can choose from 50cc - 150cc (which isn't much), and depending on your speed, this could be very boring, or the ride of your life. I mean seriously, who wouldn't want to speed down Yoshi Valley at 200 mph? For its time in '96, this game was amazing, and I still play it today. I am 15 now, so it has an enormous replay value. And the only stage I dont like is Banshee Boardwalk.If you have a Nintendo 64 (which not many people do), then buy this NOW!prediction:4
reviewText:Mario Kart 64 is an excellent game! I love the graphics, the creators at Nintendo 64 made them very specific. My favorite modes to play in are either Mario GP, because I love racing against the computer, or Battle, because you have to be alert and careful not to run into in obstacles like bananas or shells! I really like the &quot;ghost&quot; so you can see whether or not you beat your previous time with that course. My favorite course is Yoshi Valley because in many areas, there are no walls to keep you from falling, so it's a challenge, and I like the big squasher egg! The one thing that drives me crazy is the fact that the computer can manage to get in front of me while racing without me noticing or even knowing how they did it! Other than that, this is a great game with excellent graphics and fun for the whole family!! I hope you enjoyed my review!!prediction:4
reviewText:I use to love this game and after purchasing this one I found I still do. The game was of quality and is still working just fine.prediction:4
reviewText:Mario Kart64 is one of the more entertaining video games of all times. It is suitable for all ages and can be enjoyed and mastered by the young and old. 4-player simultaneous play with a selection of 8 classic Mario characters and 4 different difficulties (beat all curcuits in 3rd or better to earn Extra Mode) and 16 levels of play, each level containing it's own unique obstacles and course.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is defanitly worth the time and money.(...)You can choose from either mario grand prix,VS.,battle,or time trial.In mario grand prix you choose from a wide selection of characters wich one you want to be.You Can pick from four different cups,each with four different race tracks.Then it's time to race as you play against the 7 other characters.Up to 4 people can play mario grand prix.In VS.,you play against one computer character or 2 family members or friends.You can choose any course is the game.Up to 3 can play VS.In the battle mode up to four can play.You get 3 balloons and the other player(s) try to pop them.The last one standing wins.Up to 4 can play battle mode.Finally,in time trial only one person plays.You can choose any course,you try to make a good time and if you want,you can try to beat it.Only one player can do time trial.Mario Kart is a Great game and if you have a N64,GET IT!prediction:4
reviewText:I have got to be honest even if it means sacking my reputation. I have never played a game so much before in my life. I only own the N64 still for this game, I have thrown out all others. This game brings such a Movie like experience along with great missions, craft, and imperial action that I have never seen anything to its likeness. You have got to get this game under all circumstances if you are a Star Wars fan.prediction:4
reviewText:For the N64 this game is really fun, graphics are amazing, sound quality is alright. If you love flight simulation games then this is definitely for you. You are Luke Skywalker flying around on various fun missions. There are tons of unlockable cheats that can be added for a better fun-filled experience. Get the expansion pack-- which is cheap nowadays.prediction:4
reviewText:What can I say about this game? I bought it to replace one that was stolen when I was a kid. It's great to hear those classic sound effects and that legendary music. EPIC.prediction:4
reviewText:The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of time is the best zelda game there is! You go from being a kid, to being an adult! Link must beat five temples as an adult, the forest temple, the fire temple, the water temple, the shadow temple, and the spirit temple. The bosses are awsome, and all the characters are cool!prediction:4
reviewText:Whoever hates this game should be shot! This is one of the greatest games ever! It's the best of Link! GameSpot gave it a 10! Anyway, enough prasing it. On to my review...Graphics: 10/10: Looks really good for the time. Big, vast valleys, long mountains, clear water, beautiful guts of Jabu-Jabu...Sound: 10/10: Clash! AHHH! HAHA!  HIYA! Beautiful Ocarina sounds! BOOMM!Music 11/10: Beautiful music. Ocarina songs are deep and moving. Composed beautifully.Gameplay: Infinity/10 Awesome! Go through many dungeons filled with tough enimies and hard puzzles! Talk to people in town! Play many, minigames! Stealth! This is  extremely fun and addictive! Hidden items. You can also find 99 Gold Skullutas! Play an Ocarina! Controls are flawless!One of the greatest games of all time. Don't play it-live it!PS. Why has Amazon combined OOT and MM into one? It's confusing, and it's depleting the rating! Also, Gerry Atrick, the reviewer above me, was that troll review even nesscery? You said to contact you  if anybody knew how to get out of the Deku Tree. Well, 1: Look on a gaming site and 2: How can anybody contact you if they don't know your address. And NO, there isn't a cheat to make Link naked. It's E-rated! Ah well, whaddya expect from a guy from Ireland...prediction:4
reviewText:You must own this if you like games. It's spectacular in every way, perfect. It creates a breathing world you care about and love, while having this awesome, deep story and Adventure.prediction:4
reviewText:This game has crossed the "I Like You" line. It's just like the old one from NES, although, I know about the dungeons and the weapons because I have the old one. So, it's fun to play for a while until you get to the Water Temple, it gets confusing there. So, use the Player's Guide to cheat, so that you won't get stuck. I played a long time ever since it came out. It was the game that caught my eye and though I had to have the game. I am a Zelda fan and I hope that you have fun playing it as well. I just like to see Link grow up.prediction:4
reviewText:I love this game! You can't say that you are a Zelda fan, if you don't own this game. This game features an awesome storyline, unforgettable characters, and just keeps getting better. You could play this game forever, and not get tired of it! If you have a N64 system, you better own this game! Or if you have a Gamecube, you should have the Legend of Zelda Collectors Disk!prediction:4
reviewText:This last year of 2003 ET did a survey about the best video game series ever. Zelda one there poll and this game is one of the reasons why.Ocarina of Time tells the continuing story of the Zelda universe. In the Zelda timeline it takes place before the other games. As usual you are the hero Link. You must save the princess Zelda. You have different quests you must finish and many obstacles that will block your way. The story is that Ganondorf the evil wizard is trying to take over the world. Equipped with the Ocarina of Time you will travel time in your quest to save Zelda, Hyrule, and the world.This game is jam packed with stuff to do. I'd say you have a garunteed 40 hours of gameplay. It has all the classic Zelda weapons and more. You get to ride a horse across the country side and do some impressive underwater work. There are just so many impressive factors.I love this game. I can't thing of words to describe how good it is. If you have an N64 your collection is not complete until this game is put in it.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the best games I have ever played.  I love the gameplay.  It was easy to control the character.  I also enjoyed how it wasn't a very easy game.  When a game is challenging, I play it more and more.  In fact, I still play this game today.  Very good game.prediction:4
reviewText:This game rules! It was very well conceived. The storyline is good, and the gameplay is awesome. I rented it before, and found out it is a game to buy and play. Trust me, you will get your money's worth! Good graphics, excellent sound scores, huge worlds, and good characters pull this game together. I am yet to find a game that matches it's surperiority, even Majora's Mask wasn't as good. I've beaten it several times through, and sometimes wish that I didn't know it like the back of my hand.prediction:4
reviewText:Simply the best single player RPG i have ever played!!!! From start to finish you will not be dissapointed,,, Please if u get the chance go after majores mask its also a great game..prediction:4
reviewText:like all zelda games the ocarina of time provides an adventure about link a young hero.in the ocarina of the player takes control of a young boy known as link. right from the start of the game players jaws dropped at the sight of the graphics for 64 bit graphics it looks amazing.as the story progresses players obtain more items and link becomes more of a hero at about 2 thirds through the player becomes an adult and he cant use some of his items which is one the most impressive features in a game iv ever seen. Its about an ancient evil being restored and a child giving up his youth for his country theres nothing bloody wrong with this game its perfect.p.sthis game is why you keep your n64prediction:4
reviewText:This game is one of the finest Video games ever produced, while its graphics may be some what dated by today's standards its epic story and play control are arguably better than many of today's titles.I cannot recommend this game enough.prediction:4
reviewText:There always comes along trend setters that some how cannot be bettered! Zelda is one of those games ,its challenging enjoyable adventurous fun!!!!!!!!!!! i loved every minute of it even though at times i wanted root out my hair i have no regrets having this game in my collection,one of the best games ever on 64.even though the 64 era has ended if you are a die hard gamer from time to time you may want to go back this game is definitely worth playing again and again there's always something you would have miss that you can find the next time around.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is fun. The visuals are impressive and the guns are frickin' cool and some fun multi-player. Play this game because you deserve something special. Unless youre a Dragon Ball Z fan.prediction:4
reviewText:Anyone who likes 007 would enjoy this game. great first person shooter! I will enjoy playing this game. The game play is a bit strange and hard to get use to because the aim and movement joysticks should be switched. The c pad on the N64 controller is hard to move with. Great game with practice!prediction:4
reviewText:THQ's second American release is a huge leap in graphics from the original "World Tour" Dozens of wrestlers from the NW0, WCW, Raven's Flock, cruiserweights, heavyweights and some of which are made up for the game. The great thing about this game is it was back in WCW's hay-day when it had talented wrestlers, like Jericho, Benoit, Malenko and Raven, more talent means more moves, more moves means more fun. The only real modes other than battle royals, and handicapped matches are a series of championship tournaments to go through in a specific weight / talent class. There are incredible looking arenas even with an isle to brawl in and weapons that you can pull from the crowd and bring into the ring. The unfortunate part about this game is that it is dated, and it moves very slowly compared to Wrestlemania2000 and No Mercy.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is so much fun.  I've always been a big fan of Mario since the beginning.  The graphics are great and the sound is pretty good too.  There are many different goals to reach in each level.  Whether you have to collect coins or stars to open new levels, I know you'll love this game.prediction:4
reviewText:Still the best 3D game on the market. Challenging, tons of fun levels and amazing gameplay. A true model for 3D games.prediction:4
reviewText:Super Mario 64, is a Classic pure and simple. And, there's not much else I can say. It's a really good game, With alot of stuff that's fun to come back and do. You, can fly around with your Wing cap, Or Slide down a huge sliding board of Ice! Mario 64 is Pure classic, Pure fun.prediction:4
reviewText:In these decades of the digital world with superior hardware and high definition graphics, I don't believe gamers will ever encounter the same life changing experience as those who have first hand seen Mario evolve into a 3D masterpiece.  The Nintendo 64 is the best console of its time HANDS DOWN!! and Super Mario 64 is a MASTERPIECE.prediction:4
reviewText:Okay this game is the reason they created difficulty settings. Some of the stars are just plain infuriating to get. And it has the exact same plot as every other Mario game. OMFG Bowser stole Peach whatever shall we do?! Get an ugly princess or something! And where the hell are the king and queen anyways?! The hats were also poorly implemented. The Flying cap is hard to use, the metal cap is rare, at best, and the computer can still see you when you use the invisible cap. They should have stuck to the 2D side scroller. And also where is Yoshi?! The fact that in later levels the edge of the map is always a bottomless pit is also frustrating.prediction:4
reviewText:A fun game all the way!! You just can't get enough of this fantastic wonderful game!!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:love it the kids love it and its not xbox 360 lol moms and dads and some grand parents would love it too.prediction:4
reviewText:This is it! The ground breaking game that shot the Nintendo 64 sells thorough the roof and off to space! Super Mario 64 is a game that cant be found anywhere else! It is truly amazing in every aspect from stunning graphics to superbly versatile gameplay. I just couldnt believe that this game could be this good even though it is so old!(yes, it is OLD now!) This game was so dang much fun that they even made it for Nintendo DS! If you are looking for one amazing game and own the best system ever made(Nintendo 64-NOT Xbox, Playstsion 2, or Xbox 360) then look for Super Mario 64. You will not be dissapointed. Guaranteed!prediction:4
reviewText:When this game came out, it was like a historic event.  It felt like there was no longer a limit to what video games could do.  Every toy store had a booth set up where you could give this game a try.  It was amazing to play and amazing to see.This game is still amazing.  The play control is amazingly smooth, and you can make mario do some unbelievable things.  The worlds are amazing.  You can go wherever you want to go, do whatever you want to do.Just look at the difference between this game, and the original Super Mario Bros. for NES.  My gosh, the difference is astounding.  It's amazing how Nintendo could take something so great and make it hundreds of times better in less than two decades.  Sometimes I love progress.prediction:4
reviewText:15 years later, still a great game.This is a classic in every sense of the word.It not only redefined the Mario Franchise. it redefined 3D gaming.It is a must have it you still own a N64.prediction:4
reviewText:When you first buy this game, you will need to give it time. Reading the  Manual first just might be alot of help. The game starts out in pause mode.  This gives you time to zone space for roads, residental &amp; commercial or  indutry zones, water pipes and electrical wires. It times take to know the  best way to zone RCIs. It's not easy and money can disappear fast so don't  go crazy zoning everything and destorying things, it will cost you. It sum  this review in one sentence. It takes time to build a perfect city so try  different approaches and eventually your get it right.prediction:4
reviewText:Sup dawg. Let's be serious here. I am not in any way the God who made Nintendo. I am however the God of BattleTanx. From exploding nukes, to mini howitzers, to the Flash being incarnated into a Tank. This game has it all. Call of Duty ain't got a thing on this beauty. You can kidnap queens, you can dominate the world map, you can even stand around like a pacifist and let yourself die. This game has what YOU want. This game has what YOU need. YOU MUST OBTAIN BATTLETANX!prediction:4
reviewText:Buy it. Play Battlelord mode with four teams, preferably on the Las Vegas map. That's about all you'd do anyway. Don't bother with the singleplayer, it's garbage. I didn't bother finishing it. I played the first five or six levels, I'd guess, and it was so easy and the story was so retarded that I just didn't care anymore. The multiplayer is where it's at. Totally intense. You play as different factions, each one with a slightly different tank set(there are only three kinds of tank--Goliath, the generic kind, and a super fast little one w/ only machine guns, the tankset just determines how many of each you'll get...some are only goliaths or the little ones, and things like that). Each faction also has a special starting weapon. Guided missiles(which are VERY good against base defenses since you don't have to go in there and get pelted) cloaking, shields, swarm missiles, etc.So, yeah, the multiplayer is simply amazing and the game is definitely cheap enough by now that if you see it you should buy it without question. Don't worry about the graphics. You won't notice when you're dodging guided missiles, goliath tanks, and mines trying to get the queenlord back to your base so you can win the round.Also, if you do get it, you might consider setting the control setup to DRIVER because the default control setup is kinda deplorable.prediction:4
reviewText:OMG!!! Seen it, wiped my eyes to see if it was real then of course bought and i have no regrets! Highly love south park and this game is amazing and it came to me mint condition and i was happy!!prediction:4
reviewText:I was feeling nostalgic so I bought this game along with a few others to relive my childhood. It's as much fun as I remember! There's always plenty to do, from finishing levels to completing timed flight races. Even if you beat the final boss in the game, you can keep playing to collect all the gems and find all the dragons. Once you do that, you get to open up new content! Even at 100% complete, there's STILL more to do, not to mention the replayability of the game is superb. Definitely worth the buy!prediction:4
reviewText:Great fun game I still enjoyed playing 10 years later. I got it at a great price too. Definitely buy this.prediction:4
reviewText:I have recently come across this wonderful little game that is just absolutely perfect for darklings, seemingly tailor-made.First of all, the flow of the 3D graphics are quite realistic. The character is an adorable baby dragon, with all the mannerisms of what a baby dragon might be, as if the creators modeled him from puppies & kittens, which is probably what they did.So little Spyro is set to explore in his homeland, where he derives sustainance from sheep, & questing for gems & treasures, perusing into archways & temples, & fending off sheepherders armed with staves. The Satanic implications are obvious. A dragon insinerating sheep for food...? Sheepherders protecting their sheep? Predator vs. prey...In certain situations, such as when killing a charging ram, smashing into walls, giants attacking, you will note the joystick vibrate, thereby making the gaming experience a bit more tactile.So the player is Spyro the Dragon, helped along with the advice of ancestors. It is remarkable how noble these mentors are, their voices echoing their arcane wisdom unto their young.In travelling, we also embark into Stone Creek, & the more aesthetically-pleasing Dark Hollow, where new creatures wander to be defeated, & more treasures to be plundered. Bit by bit, little Spyro learns to glide, then eventually fly.Gaming tip: Avoid water!prediction:4
reviewText:Spyro is a cute little dragon with a huge boost of cool powers. It is an incredibly fun game action game that is great for kids or adults.prediction:4
reviewText:Game most played by my granddaughter. She loves the game. It is fun to watch as well. Good game for kids.prediction:4
reviewText:Capcom followed up the surprise success of the original Resident Evil with this blockbuster smash in 1998.  Resident Evil 2 had everything the original had plus tons more; bigger more detailed environments, weirder puzzles, more suspense, more blood and gore, and a compelling story that kept the gamer on the edge of their seat.  In this installment you play as rookie cop Leon Kennedy or Claire Refield: the sister of Chris from the first game.  Instead of a secluded mansion like the first game, this time all of Raccoon City has been infected by Umbrella's virus and you have to wade through an assortment of flesh eating zombies, mutated dogs, hunters, a new monster called the Licker (whose introduction in the game is one of the most unforgettable parts in any video game), and some unbelieveably grotesque beasts who will stop at nothing until your dead.  Resident Evil 2 was an instant smash hit upon it's release and has since been regarded as a classic video game and an essential play for any gamer.  Since then, the game has been re-released on other systems such as the Dreamcast, Nintendo 64, and most recently the Gamecube; so now gamers of any generation can play one of the most addicting and innovative games of all time.prediction:4
reviewText:When I got this for my early birthday,I didn't expect that the character would be so cute!Crash is adorable,which will get you hooked on for about an hour,the fun for another,and the hard for minus a second.Even though it is difficult,you'll enjoy looking in those eyes,and playing.prediction:4
reviewText:The original Crash!! What a wonderful game! It revolutionized the gaming console! Created by the Naughty Dog team that went on to create what some consider the greatest PS3 game of all time, Uncharted 2. Crash is a non stop adventure loved by kids AND adults.prediction:4
reviewText:I used to play this game for hours back in my days and had wondered if it was still around.Sure enough it was.I have joy againprediction:4
reviewText:This is what got me started. I started off with Crash Bandicoot 1 when it first came out. I love the whole concept of it and the games are soo fun. Its exciting and all the levels are different, they have been so creative its amazing.I love Crash and cannot wait until it comes out for PS3.prediction:4
reviewText:Resident Evil is a survival horror video game created by Capcom. It was released in Japan, North America, and Europe in 1996.In the game, you play as either Chris Redfield or Jill Valentine, two S.T.A.R.S officers who become trapped in a mansion filled with zombies. You must go through the mansion and find clues, weapons, and other items in order to proceed. You fight many different types of zombies throughout the game. Some of the supporting characters include Rebecca Chambers, Barry Burton, and Albert Wesker. The game also has different endings depending on what you do.This is a classic survival horror game. It's so good and well made. If you love horror movies, or other horror games, then I totally recommend that you play Resident Evil.prediction:4
reviewText:Even now, I still love playing this 7 year old game on my PS2. It opened the door to greater things. The resident evil series is my favorite video game line ever.prediction:4
reviewText:Being a long time Twisted Metal fan this game would have to be my favorite in the series. Amazing Soundtrack, Great level design, unique characters, and an overall fun experience, especially with friends. I highly recommend this to any fan of action games.prediction:4
reviewText:Twisted Metal 2 is the best playstation game ever!  The levels are fun because they are so different from one another.  Each level provides interactive fun!  The cars are great and the specials weapons are excellent!  The ending movies, like the tital suggests are twisted. I do not find this game offensive in any way and I think it good for responsible kids ages 8 and up. Everyone should buy this game.  It is the best of the four Twisted Metal games!  You will love it!prediction:4
reviewText:a real classic. it works. no problems. I love it and will always keep this game. I recommend it to anyone.prediction:4
reviewText:Finer words have never been spoken. StarFox 64 was the long awaited American sequel to the original StarFox for the SNES (Japan got StarFox 2 on SNES while us Americans had to wait for StarFox 64). Excellent game, superb 3D graphics and for the love of Michael Douglas, play with the RUMBLE PACK!prediction:4
reviewText:You either love mario party or hate it, I always wanted it as a kid and i finally bought it. Great to play with my college friendsprediction:4
reviewText:Mario Party is a fun board game video game where you are on a game board trying to earn stars.  You hit blocks to determine the number of spaces you  move and earn or lose things depending on the space you land on. Then, at  the end of each turn you play a mini game.  There are other fun things to  do, like play in the mini-game stadium, shop for new games and play  individually to earn prizes.  However, one major downer? The rotating hand  games. Play this game enough and games like &quot;Cast Aways&quot; the one  with the light bulb, and the 1 vs 3 riverboat game will cause blisters in  your hand!If you like this one then check out the 2nd one as well for  more options, new board games and mini-games as well as new gameplay  features. However, some mini games and boardgames in this version are  really great so give em both a go!prediction:4
reviewText:This is a awesome game it's fun and chalaging. it's fun for the whole familyprediction:4
reviewText:When Nintendo first made it onto the scene with Mario 64, they had no idea of how interesting it is to mold and shape the format of the Mario Brothers industry for the Nintendo 64. It became so big, that every single thing had to be topped off to the next level of excitement, and so on down the line.With Mario Party for Nintendo 64, they had absolutely no idea of how successful it has become. The game features your choice of six characters to choose from, Wario, Mario, Peach a.k.a. Princess Toadstool, Yoshi, Luigi, and Donkey Kong. The object of the game is to collect as many stars as possible by winning several different types of games including Tug O' War, where it is 1 player vs. 3 players, Bombs Away, where you have to try stay on a floating island for 30 seconds, without getting the shock from cannon shots coming, and there is Deep Sea Divers, where you have to collect as many treasure chests as possible, without losing your breath. There are also six different kinds of boards to play the game on, as well as two very special hidden boards, so look out.It is a shame that most games didn't seem to be like Mario Party. Although many people are interested in the newer ones and the Gamecube version, the original is always the best one to try for starters. If you really want it, then roll the dice and take that very first chance.prediction:4
reviewText:I remember renting this back in the day when Playstation was still in its infancy.  I really like this game and I still play it today!prediction:4
reviewText:I remember playing this game back around 1996. I was nearly 12 years old when I first played this game and I thought, at the time, this was a really cool game. I really like the Alien movies (mainly the first and second one) and I was fairly excited to play any game based on my favorite movie.Now, as a grown up (or maybe still a child at heart, lol), I came across this game again. Remembering all my childhood experiences with this game, I was fairly excited to relive it. Right after playing it for about 5 minutes, I started laughing at myself. I honestly don't know what I saw in this game. The game is so horribly crafted that it's really a surprise that they released this game at all. The graphics are ok (given the time it was released), and the weapons are kinda cool. However, that's all that's good about this game.If you are buying this game to relive some childhood memories, I recommend not buying it because you're going to ruin some good memories. Just keep it as memories, don't relive it because you might see it differently.prediction:4
reviewText:Rockstar games later went on to use the game engine and flight mechanics as well as the swimming and other parts of his game to improve what most of you would refer to as GTA:SA and GTA:4, one could be labored to suggest that this game allowed and was the father of said games. In the gaming industry it happens often that one game either spawns or helps improve the industry standards and this game thou over looked did more for the gaming world then most figure or see.This game is to GTA, as Ultima Underworld is to Fallout 3, and that is to say they are the for runners that improved future games. I suggest if your looking for good harmless violence without human on human violence I recommend this one if you still use your N64. I would point out, that Human deaths that you allow or preform increase a ticking total and once you get to many you fail the level. So the game even goes so far as to not allow it, I will also add this game has one of the largest number of flying vehicles and ground vehicles and even boats and the likes of almost any game I have ever played in my entire life.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the best RPGs I ever played.  It has a unique combat system that inputs how you'll attack by using combos with you feet and both arms.  Often you find a special move after using a specific combo that gives stronger attacks.  I highly recommend this game to RPG lovers and Playstation 1 gamers.prediction:4
reviewText:Now I can play four man matches in WWF No Mercy without considerably low frame rate and lag. Great product and shipped fast.prediction:4
reviewText:It's cheap, it's memory, so it's excellent! Memory always does a good job to any game/software, and you can see that by Donkey Kong 64, International Superstar Soccer 2000, Zelda: Majora's Mask and other great games that support the Expansion Pack.Don't waste your time, if you pretend to continue playing Nintendo 64 games, you will need to gear up!prediction:4
reviewText:This is probably one of the most exciting and intense racing games I have ever played. Set in the Star Wars universe, this is definitely one that's sure to last a long, long time.It's a surprisingly long game, although  it didn't take too long to beat. It also has great replay value, and I  enjoy it now just as much as I did when I first purchased it. Throughout  the game, and as you advance through the various courses, you will be able  to implement the money you earn to purchase better parts for your  particular pod racer. As you advance, you'll also be able to select more  powerful (and occasionally weaker) pods to test out. Run through each of  them, and see which fits you best. It might be the difference between  coming out on top, or being involved in the biggest explosion since the  Death Star!There's also an amazing score of wonderful John Williams  music from Episode I. There are various tracks for each course, and they  add an even better thrill to the game. The graphics are also very good,  much better than on the N64. If you have a good computer, and a decent 3D  card, you should have no problems. I have a 300Mhz system with a Voodoo2,  and it rocked!All in all, LucasArts has done it again! May the force be  with you! (Believe me, you'll need it!)prediction:4
reviewText:When the original Game Boy launched in 1989, Tetris was the pack in cartridge that introduced the world to one of the most recognized games ever. Almost ten years later, right after the release of the Game Boy Color, Nintendo releases a colorful port of an addictive puzzle game we came to know and love. Tetris DX is the original Game Boy Tetris now in color and adds two more game modes and 2 player VS support. It was still great to play as it is now.Everyone knows what Tetris is so I won't explain it as many other reviewers have done so already. Tetris DX gets the full color support and has three game modes: Marathon (keep playing until it's game over), Ultra (score as many points as you can in 3 minutes) and 40 Lines (clear 40 lines as fast as you can.) You can connect another Game Boy Color from another player and play against him/her and even send your high scores over to his/her copy of the game.It's a great game overall with lots of re playability. If you had friends, then it was twice as fun to play against the other person and see who gets the highest score. Though nowadays, there are better versions of Tetris on the market, this will always remain a classic. It was a treat for Game Boy Color owners and was one game everyone got into.prediction:4
reviewText:Tetris DX is a very fun game! You will be addicted to it in no time! There are many different things you can do to change the game settings. For example, you can change the music. You can also change the level you are on yourself, although I wouldn't recommend doing it until after you have become a very good player. There also many game modes you can play in, like 40 Lines, on which you have to get 40 lines without your blocks hitting the top, Marathon, on which you just keep going and going and going until your blocks hit the top, or Ultra, where you see how good you can do, except you only have 3 minutes to do so. The computer also keeps track of your best records and displays them when you are choosing your level. Tetris DX is an absolutely terrific game! I would recommend it to anybody! You'll have a lot of fun playing it. Thank you for reading my review. I hope it helped.prediction:4
reviewText:The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening is quite the impressive game.It basically takes the gameplay of A Link to the Past and combines it with the original NES Legend of Zelda (graphic-wise especially) and creates a fun adventure.  You can charge your sword, run with the boots, pick up bushes and do several other things the same way as you did in A Link to the Past.Now, truth be told, A Link to the Past is easily the superior game in comparison because that game does EVERYTHING right.Link's Awakening is basically a watered down version of the same thing with a choppier framerate, less than spectacular graphics, significantly worse music, and even the size of the land is much, much smaller as well.  Expect less from an exploration standpoint.However, for anyone craving A Link to the Past's style of gameplay, this is a great continuation of that legendary game.  I'm not concerned about the timeline of the series- I just know Link's Awakening came out a couple years after A Link to the Past.  Considering this is a Game Boy game however, and that we have to be understanding of a few shortcomings and limitations thanks to the technology at the time, this game is awesome.You have many of the same enemies making a return, along with many of the familiar items that has made the Zelda series such a spectacular source of entertainment.  Some of the boss fights in Link's Awakening are fairly clever, and it seems to be a trend for Nintendo (or at least, it used to be) for the boss fights to be downright strange in their Game Boy incarnations compared to their NES and Super NES versions.My only complaint (and the reason I'm not giving Link's Awakening 5 stars) is because the dungeons have their share of boring moments from time to time, especially when it comes to key searching which can be sort of frustrating and uninteresting.  Plus the dungeons appear sort of bland and uninspiring more often than not.  This is a small complaint, believe me.Also, another tiny complaint (that *doesn't* affect the 4-star rating I'm giving the game) is all the Mario references.  You have goombas, bomb ombs, chain chomps, bloopers, cheep cheeps, thwomps... even those cactuses from Super Mario Bros. 2  This is total overkill.  If that's not enough, this next part will blow your mind.  Wart from Super Mario Bros. 2,  Bowser, Yoshi and even Princess Toadstool make appearances in the game!  To me, I HATE when two very different games combine the enemies and pretend it's perfectly normal.  It's not.  I like to pretend the Zelda and Mario worlds are two separate places that should NEVER blend together.  *Just* because Nintendo created both of these franchises doesn't mean I like this idea.Also, some of the enemies are sort of lame.  You have pink bird creatures that smile, and all the characters seem to have enormous heads.  It looks silly.  The characters in A Link to the Past are more sensible and presentable.One thing I LOVE is the ability to leap over empty pits, which is probably the most underrated and useful item in the game.  Oh, and I LOVE the special triangle item that certain defeated enemies leave behind that increases the strength of your sword for a temporary period of time.  It's awesome!The game overall is pretty high on the challenge scale.  This is mainly due to the fact you have to be careful how you manage your hearts- you're not given enough of them compared to A Link to the Past.  Some of the enemies such as those shielded creatues from Castle 5 can take forever to locate their weak point, and don't even MENTION the huge pain in the rear end that is the worm fight that first appeared in Castle 3 of A Link to the Past.  You thought he was annoying in that game, huh?  He's back and more annoying than ever here!Overall, pick up A Link to the Past first, then the original Legend of Zelda for the NES, then Link's Awakening.prediction:4
reviewText:oh my goodness this is a speciality of y son that he likes immensely, very enjoyable and you can get involved in the story by watchingprediction:4
reviewText:Awesome classic.  Nintendo made one great game here, I hope kids these days will still play the oldies.prediction:4
reviewText:Thanks again for this I have been a pokemon fanatic ever since I was a kid. I couldn't ask for more thanks again.prediction:4
reviewText:I Love This Game.There's Tons Of Weird Creatures Called Pokemon To Catch And A Lot Of Things To Do As Well.The Really Nice Thing About Pokemon Blue Is The Fact That Blastoise Has Really  Cool Moves.This Is A Game That Anyone Who Owns A Game Boy Should Own. Ya Gotta Get This Game It's So Good.prediction:4
reviewText:You love it. I love it. You're probably just getting this because you lost your original or it's died out on you. Either way you need to buy it and re-love it all over again.prediction:4
reviewText:Sonic Heroes! Sonic freaking Heroes. Gosh I love this game, I remember loving it as a kid and I still love it now that I'm older and playing it again. I like having four different unique teams  and stories to play and the play style is a lot of fun too. You should definitely get this game if you are a fan of Sonic!prediction:4
reviewText:I am no fan of star wars, however, this is a really great game that has gotten a bad rap, because it came with N64 systems. First off the graphics cannot be beaten, everything is extremely detailed from the textures to the fact that every part of the pod racers moves and shutters. This game offers more than one dozen pod racers and drivers, each is unique with unique speeds, skills, traction breaks and so on, each pod racer must be earned though by coming in first for the race where the pod racer is featured. Along the way you pick up "cash" from bets that you come in first, second or third, then you use this cash to buy better parts to your pod racer and pit droids to quickly repair your racer. This is a highly imaginative game complete with three major circuits and a special circuit, in terms of the courses themselves I am a fan of racing games and nothing has ever gotten this amazing, jumps that will take your breath away, ice caverns that try to trick you, anti gravity tubes that will let you fly, swamps that will boggle your mind and speeds to boggle your mind too. The difficulty in the races range from circular to near impossible, with eruptions of fire and snipers shooting at you from high above. For Amazon's price, you need to get this game!prediction:4
reviewText:This has to be one of the best games I have ever played. The whole concept of nintendo characters pounding other nintendo characters into oblivion is interesting, and very fun. The Comical and Chaotic feeling of running around and bashing other players of the field in multyplayer fun. You play as one of twelve characters; four of which must be unlocked.  The basic characters are all easy to play with, and relatively popular. They are as follows: Kirby (Kirby), Mario (Mario), Link (Zelda), Samus Aran (Super Metroid), Donkey Kong (Donkey Kong), Fox McCloud (Star Fox), Pikachu (Pokemon), Yoshi (Mario). Most of these should be familiar to the moderate gamer, with the exception of Samus, a popular GB character with Metroid.  There are many items in this game that you can collect to boost progress. You can get a light saber type thing, making an adequate weapon for plasy. You can also get a fire flower (Mario Bros), Pokeball (Pokemon), and ray gun (star fox). You can also get a Star Man, making you invincible, and a hammer, letting you smash other opponents out of the match.The damage and knock out works like this: With each attack landed on an opponent, their damage percentage goes up. The higher the percentage, the farther and faster each player will fly after each hit. Players can fall off the edge of the map, or fly too high and fall into the horizon.  In single player mode, you fight computer controlled characters on many different stages. You earn points based on how well you do (ie how fast you defeat all the enemies) and what you do (ie using the same move the whole stage). Eventually you can fight the master hand, boss of the last stage. Once you beat him, you have the opportinity to unlock hidden characters, Luigi (Mario), Jigglypuff(Pokemon), Ness(EarthBound), and Captain Falcon(FZero Racing). You also try for the highest score.Multiplayer can be more fun. You basically go through a skirmish against 1 to 3 other players, whether controlled by the computer or a human. The items will apply, and you can turn them on or off by playing 50 multiplayer games and unlocking the item switch. After you end the time limit with more points than all other players / if everyone else is out of lives, you get ranked 1st 2nd 3rd or 4th, and the stats of the game are sent into the game stats bank, which you can look over.You can also practice some of the stages of the game, trying for the best time. If you persist in this, you can unlock luigi. It is always good to get practice.Overall, this game deserves a more than five stars. It is very fun, and it provides endless entertainment.prediction:4
reviewText:Super Smash Bros. for the Nintendo 64 is one of the best games ever made. It includes 8 characters from different Nintendo games. You can chosoe to play with Mario, Luigi, Link, Ness, Kirby, Samus Jigglypuff and Pikachu. The graphics are great and the animations flow smoothly as you play.There are hidden characters and a large variety of arena's from many different Nintendo games to battle in. There are several aweosme modes to play in, including Battle mode, training mode and even a bonus mode! In addition, there are several items you can pick up to fight your opponents an to help restore your health. There are swords, fire flowers, lasers, a magic star wand, red and green shells, tomatoes to restore damage percentage, a super baseball bat and explosive barrels. There are also falling Snorlax's (giant Pokemon) that fall out of the sky and try to land on you.I highly recommend this game to any Nintendo 64 owner. If you own a GameCube look for Super Smash Bros Melee.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is excellent. You can fight all of your favorite Nintendo characters together and have a good time. There is no blood, gore or cursing in the game, and that is what separates this game for all other fighting games. (One reason I don't buy a lot of fighting games is the blood and gore.) I think everyone will have a good time except those people that think games are only good when there is blood and gore. (Read some of the other reviews and you'll see what I mean.) There are so many good things about this game that 1000 words isn't enough. I will tell you the cons instead of wasting time and words. CONS: Hard to get secret characters, Not enough Pokemon Characters, More Characters Should Be In It such as: Turok, Princess Peach, Zelda, Wario, Bowser, Diddy Kong, Dixie Kong, Charmander, Mewtwo, Bomberman, Goemon, Yae, Ebisumaru, Sasuke, Impact, James Bond, and others. Better weapons are needed because some of them are lame (The fan and Shells for example)Other than that, the game is great, and you definitely should buy it!prediction:4
reviewText:Its awesome the way you fight and if you get enough wins you get NESS-the best character ever! NESS is from the ultra-rare Super Nintendo game,EarthBound!(i actually own both) While I am writing this i am listening to earthbound music. IT RULES ALL COMBAT GAMES! NOW CLASH EM'!prediction:4
reviewText:A very exciting and fun fighting game; Super Smash Bros. is definentally worthy of my approval. In this great multiplayer game you fight opponents using awesome moves and killer items. There are also a variety of levels, each containing their own special dangers. The object of the game is to knock your opponent off the edge of the thing you are fighting on. It could range from a spaceship in the star-e-ness of space to the tops of skyscrapers!Each fighter has their own special moves and abilities to crush other fighters with. Their moves are not hard to learn, so you can get pretty good at the game in a relitively short time.Also, Super Smash Bros. doesn't get boring after you beat it. I've had the game for about three, four years and I still love it. And if you get this AWESOME multiplayer combat game hopefully you will too.prediction:4
reviewText:My brother and I rented this game numerous times and in the end finally decided to buy it. It is actually quite fun to play, with many arenas and many of the famous characters from Nintendo. Each character basically has their own arena, and all of the arenas have their advantages and disadvantages. This game is especially recommended as a gift for a child.What I love about this game is that you can play with as many computers as you want, and they can be against you, or if you want to have fun they can be on your team. You can have timed battles or die from losing lives.Pros:1) Fun multiplayer action2) Computer feature is great---you can set computers skill level3) Good training level, where you can control many things, and add items and make the computer do things to help you train4) Just Great!!Cons:1) Certain characters are hard to get (like Ness)2) Less advanced than Super Smash Bros Melee3) Controls are sometimes difficultThis is a great gift for anyone who is young (especially) and for anyone with a N64.prediction:4
reviewText:Nintendo has mastered the art of portable gaming, and they have always come out with a better and more advanced Game Boy.Right now the Game Boy Advanced, Game Boy Advanced SP, and Game Boy DS has come out already, so you're probably wondering why should I get an old Game Boy Color? Well, a Game Boy Color is still an excellent product, and there are tons of games to choose from. Compared to the original Game Boy or the smaller version of the Game Boy (was it Game Boy light?) this one is great.I really like how this Game Boy Color runs for about 8 hours just off of two double-A batteries. If you want recommendations of Game Boy Games, look no further than the classics-Zelda (Oracle of Time and Ages), Super Mario, and Metroid. Another really cool game is Pokemon, and if you're not into it then you can find many other great varieties.This Game Boy Color is really reliable and stable. If you don't do anything really careless with it (like drop it in the toilet or hit it with a hammer, etc) it should last you many years. There are many different accessories you can get to enhance your gaming experience also.Game Boy Color is excellent, and if you haven't experienced it yet, then you should go and try it.prediction:4
reviewText:I never had the chance to own a game boy when they first came out. So I bought one that was used, and I am definitely glad that I did. It works fine and looks awesome. I sometimes take it out and play it just to turn heads. It's caused many people to exclaim &#34;DUDE IS THAT A GAME BOY?!&#34; I'm often engaged in discussion with people who share their own personal game boy memories and experiences. So much fun.prediction:4
reviewText:I would say the gameboy color was the best hand held game system I ever owned or play. Something that you grew up using will stick to you forever. I still play my gameboy evey now and then, playing games that never get old like pokemon. The only thing I ever had bad to say about the gameboy color was that it does not have a back light and I have to use a worm light. If you ever owned a gameboy in your life it's something that you always keep with you or end up buying another one like me.prediction:4
reviewText:I got this game system for Christmas, and it is awesome! The graphics, really depending on the game, though, are great, and the colors go well together, not clashing on screen or distracting you from hours of entertainment. A tip, though, to get the best color and graphics on screen, tilt the Game Boy clockwise or counter-clockwise. I recommend you buy it, it is leaps and bounds ahead of the traditional Game Boy, and the same size as the Game Boy Pocket.prediction:4
reviewText:I just bought a kiwi colored Game Boy and it is great! It can play over 400 games and all in color. Nintendo did a brilliant job with this portable video game platform. The graphics for most of the games rock and the sound is loud and clear (something that wasn't really great with older Game Boy models).A great thing about the Game Boy is that a lot of the games for N64 and other consoles can be found for this. This is a good thing for some people that do not want to buy an exspensive console. The controls for the Game Boy are also very easy. Just look at the guide for your game and you will see that their are very little manuavers and they will be easy to use.Besides all of those reasons, the number one reason the Game Boy is so popular is because it is portable. Now imagine this toy that can play up to 450 games, has suberb graphics, and crisp and clear sound, can fit right in your pocket. That's Right!So, I hope you will go out (or click) for a Game Boy. They are truly great things to own for a child, teen, or even an adult. They make great toys and are not that costly. Buy and enjoy.HAPPY GAMING~!prediction:4
reviewText:This is a system for the 1990s (as I am sure you know) and is very old school. It is a great system for hand held play, especially if you are into older games.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is awesome! It's a must have. This game must have the most color in history! It has many levels just like the Original for regular nintendo. Plus it hs a few more opotions. It has a challenge mode which is extremely hard, a Vs mode so you can play your friends, and a &quot;You VS Boo Mode.&quot; It's a very good buy. You'll like it!I got a secret to tell ya too. There are secret levels in this game that are beyond hard! You have to get over 5000000 points in the original mode. If you think about it, it's not so hard to get that many points. It's actually really easy.Well I HIGHLY recommend you buy this album. It's a good buy, well worth your money, and it's fun.Don't forget, this game is for GBC ONLY! That means Game Boy Color.prediction:4
reviewText:If you are a Street Fighter die hard fan, then this game must be in your collection.  As a SFII fan myself, I rate this the best compared to even the Playstation 2 versions.  It is simply the most playable and the most fun incarnation of the game.  Do yourself a favor and get this one.  You won't regret it.prediction:4
reviewText:To be perfectly frank, the Microsoft Sidewinder is the most underrated  joystick ever made. My previous joystick was a Logitech Wingman Extreme.  Within six months of purchase, the Wingman was falling apart - calibration  was non-existent and the rubber case was disintegrating.So I bought the  Microsoft Sidewinder Pro. And what a fantastic joystick it was - it's  excellent for flight/space simulators like I-War or X-Wing: Alliance. The  precision of this joystick is amazing.So, if you're looking for a  high-quality joystick at a reasonable price, get this one. It's still one  of the most robust and reliable joysticks on the market.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought a used N64 from a friend a few years ago, he gave me an officail N64 controller, and a third party controller.  I still have the original controller, and I put the third person controller &quot;out of it's misery&quot;  Lighter + third party controller = bad smell and lots of smoke.prediction:4
reviewText:I thoroughly enjoyed this game!  The packaging and extras you get with it are very nice.  The storyline was extremely well written, and it was easy for me to connect with the characters on an emotional level.  The music in this game is some of the best I have ever heard for an RPG.  Definitely a good buy!prediction:4
reviewText:What's amazing about how great this game is...well, it's that it does not rely on insane graphics, large amounts of memory, lightning-quick processing speeds, or mind-blowing sound.In fact, this game has none of those things.What it has is the ability to get right under your skin, suck you in, and keep you playing.  What's eerie is how much you feel like you're in the game when the graphics really aren't much to speak of (especially compared to today's games).I played and finished this game back in 1995.  I own other game platforms (PS2, etc) and I have played many other games since then.  None of them is like this one.prediction:4
reviewText:If you think you are smart enough to finish every computer game in the world in a few days, think again.Riven is THE hardest computer game I have ever played. I know someone who got this game and it took him six months to finish it! I myself have not finished it yet.If you get this game(I strongly recommend that you should), you have got to turn off the lights, turn up the sound, and you'll step into the strange world of Riven. It's really cool.This game requires tons of brainwork. If you don't think hard, you'll never finish the game.So, I think you should get this game. The story is great, the graphics are great, hey, EVERYTHING is great!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Ape Escape consists of more than 20 3D levels based on a variety of time zones. To clear a level, Spike (played by you) must capture a set number of monkeys. After filling that quota, you must access the next level. Reaching the monkeys will require you to jump, sneak, swim, climb and fly through a variety of situations.  To help you on your way, you are given a net and a lightsaber type stun club.  Throughout the course of the game, Spike will collect six additional gadgets.  In addition to providing the means of completing future levels, returning to previous levels with new gadgets will allow Spike to capture any monkeys he left behind. In addition to monkeys, each level has tokens to collect. Collecting enough tokens will open minigames.  This game gets addicting pretty fast.prediction:4
reviewText:i love this alien killing game.  like every game they got there easy then there harder areas.  from 1 to 10 a 10 i will say a great n64.  you may not be able to tell what he is standing on well that is the aliens he killed.prediction:4
reviewText:If you are a huge fan of the Doom games, then you will love this. Its Doom, with more of a humorous side.prediction:4
reviewText:This is my favorite Duke Nukem game. It's got a ton of levels to explore and the variety in the levels keeps things interesting. I played it when it first came out for the N64 and after beating it traded it. I got nostalgic for it so bought it again last year to play. What a great trip down memory lane. I was taken back to the first time I played it and it was just as fun. The graphics look even better on my 46" lcd than they ever did on my old tube tv. A great game for those who like older shooters with some humor.prediction:4
reviewText:No matter how ugly this game is, I will never stop loving it.The characters are great, the story is awesome, I like the battle system and materia is easy to train and use.There's a lot of places to visit, lots of bosses to defeat.It is really the characters that makes this game.prediction:4
reviewText:What other video game has had a review put in quotes on the back saying "Quite possibly the greatest game ever made"?I've just bought my 360 and love playing it. I've been playing games since oldschool Nintendo. I remember getting Mario Bros. 3 for Christmas.There's only one game that has ever been able to take me completely out of my element and take hold of everything I love about games and never let go.This is the masterpiece that is Final Fantasy VII.prediction:4
reviewText:This game brings back memories of when jason came over my house with his PS1 memory card and he was playing parappa the rapper in the basement and he was cool and this little girl she was a baby back then and now she should be around 9 years old well she was sucking on the memory card and when we put the card in everything was deleted LOL!!!!!!!!!!! and this game is great from graphics, to gameplay, to music. it has everything. you want a love story it has it. you wanna cry, it has it. you wanna feel good, it has it. everything it has to offer. the only this it doesnt have is for  attracting ignoramouses that overlook the game and only care about whats new and graphics. and mike used to like it and he is in SOG 4 LIFE!!!prediction:4
reviewText:This game was a bit of a let down compared to its predacessor, Final Fantasy VI (US III).  It's still a good game, the second best one from the three released for PS (IX is the best of the PlayStation era).  The dark realism pioneered by this game made for a good story, and was much more well done than Final Fantasy VIII.  The addition of FMV for the first time was also a nice new element.  However, the gameplay and story still fall short of Final Fantasy VI and IX.  Worth a play, especially since the price is good now.prediction:4
reviewText:In my opinion, this is the greatest Playstation game ever released. The storyline is intense, and profusely in-depth and really grasps you into the storyline, which revolves around many characters instead of one. The music is beautiful and many times envokes emotions during parts of the game, this game , in my opinion, has the greatest musical score. I have noticed people complain about this games graphics, well if you have a problem with graphics in an RPG...then I have to say, your intellectual level is very low. First of all, this game's graphics are fine,even compared to the graphics of more recent video game titles...and the game does Not revolve around its graphics.There are many other factors that seperate this game from other RPGs. This game also has the best story in a video game title to date, and there are situations that occur during the game that add to the story perfectly. If you want a solid, and deep RPG, this is for you.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the most wonderful games ever! It has a great story and really cool characters! This game is really exciting! This is an unforgettable game and I recommend this game to anyone who wants to play a totally awesome RPG!prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best RPG ever.  That just involves you the player.  Other people will argue that diablo or warcraft are superior.  This game offers you a minnimum of 60 hour of game play.  Lot of side quests.  Great story line.  And you won't have to divorce your significant other over it, because you're playin with some kid on the other side of the country you don't know.  Graphics are about the best for the era from which the game came from.  If you are lookning for a good RPG with a good story, this is it.  I've had my copy for 15 years.  Ever 5 years or so I just get an itch to play it again.prediction:4
reviewText:I can's say enough about Final Fantasy VII.  Even though it is no longer on the cutting edge of RPG games, it is still one of the best.  The story is very complex and flows very smoothly.  The game system is great.  The  materia system really works well to customize the game somewhat by  specializing weapons and armours.  Replay value is  high because it's very  intersting to see the different characters.  This is definitely a  time-sucking game.  I've played for hours trying to breed Chocobos just to  see what's in some of the &quot;unreachable&quot; places.  If you own a  PlayStation, you should own Final Fantasy VII.prediction:4
reviewText:When it comes to an RPG, none can top Final Fantasy. With quests galore, a great story, amazing visuals (considering the time period), and customization that is pretty respectable it still can hold its own against games today. There are even multiple optional characters! (Yuffie and Vincent). For anyone interested in gaming and RPGs this game is a must without a doubt.prediction:4
reviewText:If I don't play this game for a period of time, I go through withdrawl and I'm not kidding. This game features so many epic events and cinematic sequences. You start the game out wondering what it's about, then you come attatched to it and you can't quit. Soon you are one with the game and you understand every little detail and you feel you are Cloud Strife, the main character. From the Assault On Reactor No. 1 to The Northern Cave to save the world from Sephiroth, this is beautifully thought out and planned. I believe there is not a better game out there. This is the game that made me an official RPG player. I didn't even know what an RPG was before this! My first time playing this was on a japanese demo now out of print and very rare...it came with the Tobal No. 1 double package. This demo had Final Fantasy 7 demo, Final Fantasy Tactics (cinematic), and Bushido Blade (cinematic). I heard about this game, and good things about it, so I decided to try it out. I played it, and it was very different from the regular game, for instance you start out with Aerith, Cloud, and Barret and magics (Bolt, Bolt2; Ice, Ice2; Demi, Demi2; Fire, Fire2, and Leviathan Summon). It was the Assault On Reactor No. 1, then it ended.  I soon became addicted and I played this demo every other day, and played it more than Tobal by far. I became very intrested in this game and everyday I played the Reactor level. I found more and more things, and I didnt have enough money to buy it, so I had to wait a whole year, and finally bought the 3 disc epic for playstation. Now I play it at least every two weeks, and I have beaten the game 3 times, and find a new secret and learn something new every time. This game is absolutely amazing. With a five-star rating, and not a four-star rating in sight, you know this HAS to be a good game, and it doesn't lie. I love this game to death and it will soon be out of print, so pick your copy up today before it does.prediction:4
reviewText:I got this game 11 years ago and couldn't stand it. Only played it for about 20 minutes. I thought I was reading a book not playing a video game so I gave it away. 11 years later I played crisis core final fantasy 7 for the psp and thought "wow this is a good story" so I decided to play the original Final Fantasy 7, to my surprise it was selling for well over 100 dollars, then I thought this must be a really good game. Come to find out this is a true masterpiece, after playing it I am hooked on Final Fantasy, they have such a wonderfully story, the graphics are always state of the art. And they are timeless treasures you can come back to even 11 years and say wow.prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy VII was the first release for the Playstation, and the advance in graphics and gameplay brought new popularity to this great series.You play as Cloud, a member of a team of environmental bandits. This rebel group is trying to stop Shinra, an evil corporation, from stealing all of the planet's energy, "Mako".The leap in graphics between Final Fantasy VI and this one is pretty amazing. Where FF6 was a 2D game with 16 bit graphics, this one was fully rendered 3D graphics. You move your polygonal character through a richly painted "mural" of a world. The sound quality is also much better.Along the way, Cloud is joined by Barret, who looks and talks like Mr. T from the A Team. Tifa Lockheart and Aeris Gainsborough also join him - both are characters that are found on the FF/Disney blend Kingdom Hearts.Of course there is a Wedge and Biggs, named after the Star Wars characters. In fact, one of Biggs' early lines is almost straight from the movie. There's a Cid too - he's an airship pilot. This is the Cid they used in Kingdom Hearts.Finally you reach and meet Sepiroth, and his many forms. The game is very rewarding to play, even though its graphics have been surpassed by later versions of Final Fantasy.prediction:4
reviewText:Booooo yeah!Best game I've played!  If you like action adventure, this is the best game for it.  It is sooooo cool, the movies are pretty cool also, weapon, a monster, IT LOOKS AWSOME!!!!!!!  This game is totally the best, best graphics, it is just too cool.  No blood so parents, no fear for children, just violence.  I recomend this game to EVERYONE!  No need to rent, buy it while you still can!  I can't for one, to good of a game I guess.prediction:4
reviewText:With impressive graphics, unforgettable characters, and a simply amazing storyline, Final Fantasy VII is definately a game that shouldn't be underestimated. There are many ways to go about playing the game, you can go straight through the story, or you can take your time and explore. And that's one of the things I like about RPGs. It's a must have for any gamer, in my opinion.prediction:4
reviewText:Back when this game came out, I received a video tape of the game in the mail, I watched it several times, that was the day I decided that the  Playstation was a good system, I ended up buying the game first, then  getting the system for my birthday 2 weeks later. This game is the best  Playstation game ever made, not to mention the best RPG. I have played  through it twice, the first time by myself, and the second time with the  Official guide book, it was amazing both time through, I spen 76 hours the  first time, and 90 hours the second. The second time took longer because I  got my characters levels up really high like 99.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is a beautiful work of art that takes you on a trip through happiness, sadness, anger, and just about every other emotion conceivable by man.  This game will attach itself to your brain and never let you forget about it.  This game never ceases to evoke a reaction from the player, and never ceases to amaze everyone who plays it.STORYLINE:  One of the most intricate that I have ever played.  The storyline rivals that of Albert Odyssey, which I regarded as being the greatest RPG before I played this.  What initially begins as a fight to destroy an evil corporation becomes an entire journey towards revenge and the defending of things greater than the world.  10/10MUSIC:  The music is beautiful, always fitting, and stays in your head for days.  Aeris' Theme alone is enough to motivate you to buy the soundtrack.  Absolutely wonderful.  Almost the best aspect of the game.  11/10CHARACTERS:  The best.  Cloud looks so cool with his gigantic sword, and the ability to rename them just adds on to the fun.  As one man already said, "This is probably the first game that I've played in which a main character dies without a huge rescue or love scene right before it."  Even though they're just game characters, they feel real.  10.25/10OVERALL:  Final Fantasy VII is the best RPG, if not the best game, ever created by man.  YOU MUST BUY THIS GAME.  Period.  10/10prediction:4
reviewText:I could tell right at the beginning when the game started, that I was going to have fun playing it.  It grabs you immediately, along with the looks that I had never seen before.  It is easy to give this game a perfect 10 because when I played Final Fantasy VII it was more fun, best looking, and a huge free roaming world, I had ever experience.  I loved all the vehicles that were in the game, along with the music. If you have never played this game, I believe you would have fun just because of the story line along with the superior game play, which is the most important, aspect right!The game is not hard to figure out in terms of fighting and leveling up so getting right to the game play is what you do. It is near and dear to my heart.prediction:4
reviewText:I had purchased a Playstation months before this title came out, specifically anticipating a great upgrade of the Super Nintendo titles Squaresoft had been producing up til this point. This game far exceeded my hopes and wishes, impressing me with the 3D characters, the story, the materia system, even the music. It's what rewarded me for waiting and choosing Sony for my new gaming platform. I've been a great fan of their games that followed, especially their landmark success Final Fantasy X for the PS2.The game has an interesting plot, compelling characters, and many challenges and secrets to discover. It also has a few plot twists that add spice. If you haven't played this game or those that have followed, PLEASE start here! It just gets better from this point on...prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best game ever. It's more than a game, it's more a way of life. It draws you in and you feel part of the whole gaming experience, something that Final Fantasy VIII fails to do. The storyline is immense, the characters are varied, there is a piloe, a dog type lion beast, a cat on a mog and an Ancient, unlike the sequel where everyone is a human. Materia collecting is fun, the fights are testing, the towns and destinations are varied, the world map is huge (until you get the Highwind) and the sub games are superb.The only fault with the graphics are the on screen characters which are too cartoony. Apart from that though, the graphics are brilliant, the music is one of the best soundtracks ever and the gameplay and lifespan are both excellent. Defenitly worth the money. Buy it now.prediction:4
reviewText:classic storyline, good music, sweet battle system.  One of, if not the, best game ever made.prediction:4
reviewText:FFVII is the best! In this FF, you get to equip stones called materia and use abilities based on what the materia is. And the best part is, after a while, when you bring a materia to its higest level, it will form another materia of the same type. The amount of materia you can equip is based on what weapon you have equipped. And you can improve materia with other materia, on some occassions. There are five different types of materia:a)Magic Materia: lets your character cast spellsb)Command Materia: lets you character use commands such as Steal or Enemy Skill (also known as Blue Magic)c)Independent Materia: gives your character improved stats or passive abilitiesd)Summon Materia: lets you summon characters such as Ifrit or Shivae)Support Materia: Allows you to add abilities to linked materiaThere is, however, one slight problem about a certain materia. In this game, there is a Support Materia called Elemental. What this materia does is it adds a connected materia's element(s) to your attack (if equipped on a weapon) or protects you from connected elements (if equipped on armor). The problem comes in play if you equip this to your weapon. If you run into an enemy who is strong against the element(s) that is/are attached to Elemental, you have no way to change the elemental properties that the weapon currently possesses. So, you may have to start back to your last save point if the situation gets really bad and all you can do is attack.This is the first FF to have "Limits". Basically, this lets use a unique, and usually strong, move when you character takes enough damage, so it's kind of like being in a rage. And as you use Limits more and more, you can get more and more different attacks you can use when you reach your Limit Break (when you can use a Limit).If you don't already have FFVII, hurry and get it! You won't be disappointed.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best in the RE series yet. It looks wonderful on Dreamcast. Clear and fluid graphics with solid gameplay. The ability to use 2 weapons  in 2 different directions is a new feature that has really added to  gameplay and gives the player an opportunity to make it safely through  tight situations. It is a must buy, if you have a new Dreamcast make this  one of your first games!prediction:4
reviewText:I've been playing RE since it first came out for PS and back then it scared the living daylights out of me. Nowadays, it still is. This game is just too good to pass up. I highly recommend everyone to buy this game if you are even just a slight fan of the series. I hate myself for waiting this long to buy it. By the way, when you first see those Arm Stretchers, prepare to have an extra pair of BVD's on hand. Yikes!prediction:4
reviewText:Until the Dreamcast came along no other system could handle the 2-D graphic processing power of a lot of 2-D games without a lot of loading.  Marvel VS Capcom is better on the Dreamcast than it was in the arcades, the control is easy, the graphics are sharp and crisp and bright, and the action is fast, so fast you might lose track of what your doing.  Though it was overshadowed by it's superior sequel, Marvel VS Capcom is a must own Dreamcast title on its own.  Also recommended is Marvel VS Capcom 2, Power Stone 1&2, Capcom VS SNK, Street Fighter Alpha 3, Dead or Alive 2, and Soul Calibur.prediction:4
reviewText:There are secret ways to unlock alternate versions of some of the characters, and even unlock Onslaught. You'll have to beat the game using certain techniques. In order to beat the game very easily, I personally found it best to use Ryu and Venom on Easy mode. Use them to beat the game multiple times and you'll be able to unlock all of the secret characters.PROS:1) The vibration feedback is extremely sensitive !!! You feel every bump and hit that you give your opponent.2) There is an Easy mode, which strangely is not in MvC part 2. The Easy mode allows you to use Chun Li's lighting fast kicks.3) There are a few super moves that are not in MvC part 2. Like Chun Li's has four supers in this game, while she has only three in part 2.CONS:1) There is a little slow-down with a few characters like War Machine and Strider. These characters move a lot faster in MvC part 2.2) You can not select the same person twice. In MvC part 2, you are allowed to select the same person so you may have a team of three Akumas or whomever else.Overall, it's a great game, and I urge you to buy it even if you already own MvC part 2. I own both games and love them equally.prediction:4
reviewText:So I'm sure you've played fighting games before, well forget &quot;Mortal Kombat&quot;, and &quot;Tekken&quot; because &quot;Soul Calibur&quot; is the new wave of fighting games. &quot;Soul Calibur&quot; isn't just a fighting game, it contains other great elements such as Misson battles in which you are given a mission by the game to complete. And in completing the mission you are given points to unlock items in the Art Gallery which contains drawings and artwork from the game (very interesting to look at might I add!). The game also allows you to unlock new characters as well as choose another look for your character. This game is very entertaining as it breaks the rules of fighting games. Because it isn't JUST a fighting game, there is so much more you can do. There also are other modes such as &quot;Time Attack&quot; and &quot;Survival&quot; that put you against the CPU in a race for time. The background music is wonderful, the graphics are ahead of their time, and its great to hear the characters speak in Japanese. Again, this is a superb game this is worth owning a Dreamcast for!prediction:4
reviewText:Soul Calibur is the classic version of the arcade game, and is only available on the Dreamcast. For many, it's the main reason to buy a Dreamcast!You get a nice selection of characters, both male and female, young and old. If there's a complaint about the characters, it's that the females tend to have VERY skimpy outfits that mostly show off jiggly breasts and lots of underwear. The guys tend to have fully covered bodies. Something's not quite even here.There are a number of modes, between simple arcade mode, one on one combat, training demos, and more. As you play through the game you earn points, which let you unlock more secrets. It encourages you to go through the game as each character, learning their best moves and techniques. Each character has his or her own favorite weapons and combat style.As with all fighting games, you have to get used to the violence. The characters are bashing each other with some rather nasty moves - and it doesn't necessarily stop when one person is defeated. I've seen my character kicked to the ground, the game announce my defeat, and then the enemy throw in a final, gratuitous kick. It's very discouraging.The different levels are fun, with their atmosphere and backgrounds. The music is on the generic side and doesn't go themed with the world you're in, as more modern fighters tend to do. Also it is sometimes fairly easy to simply knock your opponent out of the ring and be done with it.Also, on the sounds angle, there are only a limited number of things that the announcer says. So if you play a given character through an 8 round series of fights, you are going to hear the same thing over and over again.That all being said, this is a true classic of a game and many people have become quite fond of the sequels. So if you're into inexpensive fighters, or if you're a Soul Calibur fan who wants to see where it all began, this is a must have!prediction:4
reviewText:Really fun game for a group of people. Easy to learn how to play. Good variety of courses. I would recommend this game to anyone.prediction:4
reviewText:i love N64 games, and this is one of the most fun ones i have. Love the fact i came play as different characters. fun for all ages.prediction:4
reviewText:So far, I've played 1, 2, and 3, and this is probably my favorite.Gameplay:10/10: This time you are Jill from the original. Lots of areas, like the city, police station, hospital, park, clock tower, it's a big game! You also have a dodge move. And, the stalker zombie, Nemesis, makes the game shine, he's fun to fight. You also sometimes make choices on events! And a new Mercanaries mode adds to the fun.Music:8/10: Your standard horror tunes. Gotta love Nemmy's theme.Sound:9/10: Decent voices this time, and cool sound.Overall, if you are looking for a top notch horror game, you gotta get this!prediction:4
reviewText:This product is excellent and works very well, i recommended to buy it and have fun with it. Its very goodprediction:4
reviewText:I think reviewers are making the mistake of reviewing the system's game library, and not the system itself...The Dreamcast, although a very high-power machine, is not the most practical creation.  It boasts high  graphics (128 bit), yet the only TVs that are capable of handling such high  memory graphics are in the $3000-4000 range.The Dreamcast also boasts a  56k modem, which they claim will launch them into the internet gaming  market.  Problem: 56k modems are narrow-band and slow - anything more  graphical than tetris will get laggy over multiplayer networks, especially  if the gamers are not dialing in from close locations.  The high-graphic  nature of the games is not easily supported by such a harsh net  connection.However, the Dreamcast has a highly innovative game engine  allowing for opponent AI to adapt itself to your actions.  This, combined  with the system's graphic capablities, and, yes, its impressive game  library, make it a system worth checking out...especially with a $50  rebate.prediction:4
reviewText:From my personal experience over the last year or so, I have been very impressed with the Sega Dreamcast. This awesome console by Sega launched with a plethora of AAA titles and it never ceases to amaze. With most recent titles like Quake 3, Shenmue, NFL2K1, and NBA2K1, the Dreamcast has THE strongest software library around putting the Playstation 2 to shame. Plus you can play most of these games online via SegaNet which is a big plus.Load up a copy of Soul Calibur or Resident Evil: Code Veronica and your jaw will drop at the attention to detail and playablitity. Don't believe the hype about the Playstation 2. As a longtime gamer (since the NES days) the Dreamcast is as best as you can get. ...so you get an awesome system at a great price.Make sure to choose the Sega Dreamcast as your system of choice this Christmas. You will not be dissapointed.prediction:4
reviewText:This is my favorite system of all time. There are alot of great games on the Dreamcast like Sonic Adventure 1 and 2, Chu Chu Rocket, Jet Grind Radio, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 and 2, MDK2, Sega GT, Test Drive Le Mans, Alien Front Online, Crazy Taxi 1 and 2, Power Stone 1 and 2, Fighting Vipers 2 (japan or european release), King of Fighters 2001 (japan release), ikaruga (japan release), Headhunter (european release), Ooga Booga, Metropolis Street Racer, Marvel vs Capcom 1 and 2, which the Dreamcast version is the best version over the Playstation 2, and Xbox, Sega Bass Fishing 1 and 2, Rez (japan or european release), Shenmue, Shenmue II (japan and european release), Soul Calibur, Resident Evil Code: Veronica, Rayman 2: The Great Escape,Dead or Alive 2 Tennis 2K2, Skies of Arcadia,Phantasy Star Online,Grandia II,Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver,Unreal Tournament, Street Fighter Alpha 3, Samba de Amigo, F355 Challenge,Quake III Arena,Ultimate Fighting Championship,Ready 2 Rumble Boxing,Space Channel 5, Daytona USA, San Francisco Rush 2049,Ready 2 Rumble Boxing,Tokyo Xtreme Racer 2,Street Fighter III: Double Impact, Sega Marine Fishing, and Toy Commander. Dreamcast also over 600 total unique games from the North America, European, and Japan region. Just get DC-X and you will be able to play 350 more games, than the 250 games in North America. Dreamcast has more unqiue games than Nintendo 64 which has about 400 games.prediction:4
reviewText:The slogan for this console is perfect.  It offers changing scenerios as you play because the console is able to adjust itself to your ability to learn and your actions.  It is compact, easy to use, has few wires and offers hours and hours of video game excitement.  It is fantastic.prediction:4
reviewText:I've had this system since it came out and i love it. For the short amount of time it lived it put out an awesome assortment of great games! I just refurbished mine to restore it back to it's original state. I love this thing!prediction:4
reviewText:If you owned a playstation 1 you were probably on the band wagon for playstation 2 from the get go. I have owned just about every game system ever released. The dreamcast was one of those moments in video games where gamers got a gamers system. The opinions all around are wonderful for it. The games at launch for this system were by far the best out of any launch ive ever seen. I think it has a certain nostalgia to it. When I found out they were stopping production for it i was a little heart broken. It was the first time i was gonna stick with one system because i was so happy with it. Them pulling it out early will make it stand out as one of those times in my life where something as great as this system failed to early and was successful to late in its afterlife. So yes i hope if you read this and want some great gaming moments you buy this system. You will not regret it. I never did and never will.prediction:4
reviewText:The DreamCast is a truely remarkable game system with online support and tons of great games. It is said that by the end of March Sega will stop making them and develop only games. If this is the case which it seems to be, you best get one now as games like Resident Evil: Code Veronica, any StreetFighter you need, Shenmue, Grandia 2, Skies of Arcadia, Ecco the Dolphin, Crazy Taxi, Phantasy Star Online, Sonic Adventure 1 and 2, and many many more are excellent games.prediction:4
reviewText:dreamcast is the greatest system... too bad it died early....only the good die young! see if you can get your hands on one today!prediction:4
reviewText:Yep, don't fall for the PS2 hype and the glitchy DVD player @ 100 dollars MORE than a Dreamcast. Step right up and get a taste of what real videogaming is like. This system has the power, the library, and the price.  If you are looking for more, you won't find it. Games to try: Sonic  Adventure and Crazy Taxi ... around Xmas these games will be ... as  well, while PS2 games that are inferior will be .... Can I make it any  clearer?prediction:4
reviewText:The idea of having a memory card that can also douple up as a mini game itself is very clever.  The Vmu will save you data and also gives you the facility to exchange data with a friend by conecting the two VMU's together.  The VMU is also a clock, the VMU also turns into a miny game.  The mini game works depending on what information is saved.  For instance if you had power stone and complete the game with different characters you are awarded a prize, one of the prizes is a mini fruit machine to play on the VMU.  If you had sonic you can gain a little cyber pet type creature which you raise on the VMU to help your progress on the actual game.  So overall SEGA have come up with one fancy gadgetprediction:4
reviewText:I first played this game in the 90's when I was 7 years old and I loved it then and still do today! The graphics were wonderful for the 90's and the game is very enjoyable and fun! The characters have such personality it is like they are real! I recommend this game to any gamer that likes classic 90's games! This game RULES!!!prediction:4
reviewText:As of now, this game, in my opinion, is the best racing game out.NFS has had the best racing car simulaters out.  The 4th addition to this amazing series is probably the best.  It has a wide variety of companies  and their vehicles such as, Ferrari, Porsche, Lamborghini, and even  MacLaren.  The tracks are far beyond any other, with great scenery and  sound effects.  You can race in countries like USA, Canada, Germany,  France, and the UK.The Hot Pursuit option is very good with the lighting  effects and the different looking cop cars.  Each country has their exact  looking kind of police vehicle and the way their sirens sound.Also the  new option in this game is the High Stakes option which allows you to beef  up your own cars then play against other people with them.  If you win you  get to keep your opponent's car.  If you lose, well, I'm sure you can guess  what happens.prediction:4
reviewText:Perhaps my favorite RPG of all time, Star Ocean 2 has everything ANY gamer could enjoy.  With an amazingly innovative battle system, Star Ocean 2 plunges you into battle where you fight and cast magic in REAL TIME combat.  Also, Star Ocean 2 has amazing customization where you can MAKE your own items and the BEST weapons in the game using the game's unique weapon/item creation system.  With an amazingly unique soundtrack, Star Ocean 2 ranks in my soundtrack list as one of my top three!  Also, Star ocean 2 has an amazing cast of characters, all of which, save two are optional.  Finally, it has the HIGHEST replay value of any game EVER!!!...  You are right off the bat asked which character you would prefer to play, the dashing space explorer, Claude Kenni, or the beautiful magic user Rena Lanford.  By going through this game you will go through different towns, meet different people, and the feelings of the characters will change for each other, for better or worse, and in the end, characters will split up, or possibly even get together!  With over 80 different endings, you'll find yourself playing from the end of Star Ocean 2 right into your next fun filled new game!  Words cannot describe my appreciation for the quality of this game, it is simply breathtaking.prediction:4
reviewText:Game is great and a fun one to play. No doubt would buy again if I somehow lost it. Great quality. Must buy!prediction:4
reviewText:SOnic is back and is looking like he never has before. This game is very fun and addictive. It has awesome graphics, and has tons of levels. The only bad thing I can think of about this game is it is a little to easy. You can unlock up to six characters,each with their own adventure. You can play mini-games, and replay previous levels. This is a great game and no one should miss out on it.The short version: Graphics: 4.8 Sound: 4.6 Control: 4.5 Fun Factor: 4.8 Total: 4.7prediction:4
reviewText:i rented this two days after i got my dreamcast it lot of fun and kind of pazzling tring to figering out to get to the next stage .prediction:4
reviewText:This is the kind of game that brings back memories of when  games were great. The game has the most beautiful graphics I have seen on a video game  system, the graphics are even better than anything a computer can currently  do. The game is relly fun with great music, and a total of 6 different  playable characters all with their own missions and thier own view of the  story. If you buy the Dreamcast buy this too.prediction:4
reviewText:Whoa! I have never seen such a fast-paced game like this one! After playing the demo on the Sega Dreamcast generator disk I decided to try to find this and after playing for about 3 hours I was definently satisfied with it. Being a long time fan of Sonic (Sonic the Hedgehog 1, 2, and 3, Sonic and Knuckles, Sonic 3-D Blast) I was looking forward to this Dreamcast title. The graphics are absolutely amazing, the music is great and the action is fast, furious and entertaining. However, I have to deduct a star for the occasional camera angle which somtimes interfered with gameplay. Besides that, this game is a keeper for all Dreamcast owners. Get this along with it's awesome sequel Sonic Adventure 2 ASAP!prediction:4
reviewText:This video game is awesome, the graphics aren't even that bad. If you have a Dreamcast, I totally recommend it. If you don't have a Dreamcast, you can just get the Gamecube version for your Gamecube/Wii. It's almost the same just the graphics are enhanced and there's more to do. If you can get it for under $20, then you should get it. There's still a lot to do, and I don't think it finishes fast. It took me a while to beat all of the bosses. Tails isn't stuck in a machine, either-he can fly around easily. The chao are also awesome, I really recommend this game, you can't have a Dreamcast collection without it.prediction:4
reviewText:This is an awesome game. The graphics are the best that have ever been on any sega system. It has an interesting story and you can play as a few of the old sonic characters from the tv series and the comic. You can even play as super sonic which looks awesome in these graphics. This game will keep you hooked even after you beat it because you will be wanting to do all the levels untill you get all the emblems for beating the level in certain ways.prediction:4
reviewText:LGS stands for Looking Glass Studios. The company has closed down last May. It is sad to see an innovative company being shutdown because the games they make are innovative and intelligent.System Shock 2 is one example. Co-developed with Irrational Games, which has its root with LGS,  this game uses the famous Dark Engine used in games like Thief and Thief 2.  This engine is one of its kind:  1. the physics is realistics (you throw a  box up on a slope and you can see it sliding down slowly; you stack a few  crates and pull away the lower ones and the rest drop and tumbles);  2. the  AI is smart: each critters has eyes and ears and therefore react to sight  and sound. Yeap, they can hear where you are. Unlike many games which cheat  by letting the creatures knwo where you are, this game simulates the real  thing. 3. Sound: I think I need not describe how incredible the sound  effect, music and digitised speech this game produces. You can read from  all the players reviews. It gives so much atmosphere that I shudder to  think what the next version of the engine is going to be like. It's sad  that the company has closed.prediction:4
reviewText:Realistic, energetic, fast moving, great graphics, challenging, and enjoyable.prediction:4
reviewText:I've had this game for years, and always go back a play through from time to time .  :)prediction:4
reviewText:Summary: Fantastic flight model, incredible depth of simulation, amazing thoroughness of detail, beautiful scenery, fairly stable with 1.08 patch.  Also, absolutely spellbinding on every level.  The only jet fighter simulator better than this is classified.Words simply cannot express the mind-boggling excellence of this simulation, or my level of satisfaction at finally buying, installing and taking on its challenge.I'm a real-life pilot with over 2000 hours of small airplane flight time, and I think it's safe to say that I've got about 10,000 hours of "flight" time on classic sims such as F-19, F-117A, Janes WWII Fighters, EF2000, Mig Alley, Falcon 3.0, Janes F-15 Strike Eagle and FS98.  I started "flying" on an Apple IIe in 1983, on the original Microsoft Flight simulator with a green screen monitor.  Aviation, especially fighter aviation, has been an obsession of mine since I was 6 years old.  If your profile sounds anything like mine, the simple truth is that Falcon 4.0 is your holy grail.In the earlier Falcon 3.0, the people at Spectrum Holobyte pushed the outer limits of what the "casual" PC flyer could learn and do.  In creating Falcon 4.0, the team at Microprose didn't just push those limits; they rammed right through them like a Durandal through runway concrete.  Be assured, Falcon 4.0 isn't a game.  It is nothing less than a full blown recreation of nearly every significant function and capability of the General Dynamics F-16C Block 50/52, and of every sight, sound and situation that the real life pilot of that aircraft would experience in wartime.  Name a system, a weapon, a readout, a display, a HUD function, a capability or a feature of the real F-16, and the odds are about 98% that you'll find it perfectly simulated in Falcon 4.0.  About the only thing this sim can't do, is yank the blood down out of your brain and make your head weigh 80 pounds, and I'm sure that only budget considerations stopped this world-class team of software developers from finding a way to provide us with that experience.If all you want to do is ram the throttle forward, punch holes in the sky, and gun down the bad guys without having to think too much, the excellent "Jane's WWII Fighters" is the sim for you.  If, however, you recognize that modern-day fighter pilots are the ultimate high performance human beings who combine tactical combat knowledge with the ability to manage incredibly complex airplanes and systems under intense physical and mental stress, and if taking on just the idea of that kind of challenge appeals to you, buy Falcon 4.0 right now before it disappears completely.  The sad truth is that this sim is simply too good for 90% of its potential market - the average "casual" PC flyer will open the (very well written) 100+ page manual and feel like a Maverick has hit him or her in the noggin.  USAF fighter pilots are some of the smartest, brightest, most over-achieving people on the planet, and to master Falcon 4.0, that's pretty much who you will need to be as well.  If you've got what it takes, however, the rewards are here - and I do mean all the rewards are here.  Everything.  This is as good as PC-based jet fighter sims are ever going to be.Note: This review applies to Falcon 4.0 flown in Campaign mode with avionics, flight model and systems all set to "realistic."  If you just want to turn, burn and heave missiles at things, you can turn all that stuff down to "easy," enter the Dogfight arena, and have a blast!  Also, the essential Version 1.08 patch can be found at "falcon4.com"prediction:4
reviewText:I used to play this game for hours at a time when I was younger. I had been looking for it in stores for a long time and I didn't even think about checking here, so when I saw it, I ordered it right away. It has challenges that you have to beat in order to get different levels. It's a great game and I play it for hours at a time.prediction:4
reviewText:This game takes sim games to another level. It eats on Theme Park and Them Park World. You have TOTAL control of your environment and you can build BIG and I mean BIG rollacosters!The levels are well laid out with  different scenarios. You dont build every park from scratch. To win a level  you have to use a combination of Park Value, Number of Customers, Money in  and Happiness of customers.The rides are great and there are no bugs  that I have seen. The add on pack is great and there are hundreds of extra  rides etc at the web site. The best is an Alton Towers scenario which is so  similar to the real thing!  This is a hughely addictive game. I bet if you  start playing it you wont stop til you finish!  If you like any sim  management game then buy this one!prediction:4
reviewText:Designing the next Alton Towers would be most people's dream and now you can! This game is easy to pick up and it is perfect!You can design your own roller coaster way more sophistacatedly than on any other theme park games.* You can higher or lower land.* Add all sorts of scenery* The people actually say a variety of different things and do a variety of different things. It tells you how much money each person has and what they are carrying as well as their favourite ride and lots of other stats.* Litter and vandalism must be kept away by hiring staff and building litter bins.* There are around twenty different landscapes, each with their own objectives. + you can buy add on packs to add loads more* It is possible to actually play a perfect replica of Alton Towers and Blackpool Pleasure Beach if you get the Loopy Landscapes add on pack.* Your park can win all sorts of awards including safest, tidiest, best value, most beautiful, cleanest toilets and more!* When you design a roller coaster, you can then test it and you can find out it's average/max speed, and it's excitement, intensity and nausea ratings.* I accidently killed 30 people because the brakes failed on my roller coaster.* Your park is rated so you need this to be high to pass most objectives, plus the guest toll or the park value. There are usually time limits.Overall: I would rate this in the top ten most fun games on any console/computer. If you own Theme Park World like me, You will be amazed on the huge gap between them! GET IT!prediction:4
reviewText:I will try to make this short and sweet. Roller Coaster Tycoon is one of the funnest sim build 'em up games out there. In the tradition of Sim City, RTC follows the same concept except to build your very own theme park with everyone's favorite ride...the rollercoaster!!! Along with other types of carnival rides and many different scenarios to play, RTC is guaranteed to offer many hours of strong entertainment as well as a ton of fun!! If you do decide to purchase RTC, I strongly recommend to pick up the Loopy Landscapes/Corkscrew Follies combo expansion pack. This expansion adds about 20 new scenarios and many new exciting coasters which really do make an excellent and exciting theme park. I highly recommend that anyone in which this concept of building a theme park intrigues, to at least pick up the original game. I guarantee that it won't take long before you decide to get the expansion packs.prediction:4
reviewText:Although this may not be the best game ever, it is a fun experience that has endless hours of gameplay.  It's a unique, fun, and unpredictable game that many people have played.  The graphics might not be the best (they seriously don't have to be), and the sound may be odd sometimes, this makes a solid game that is fun.Basically, in this game, you build your own theme park.  There's tons of scenerios (especially if you buy the expansion pack) in which you make a part with different rides and things at your disposal on a different landscape.  There are a lot of levels that are all different, and all have their own theme.At the beginning of a level, you get a goal that you have to meet to beet the scenario.  From there, you go building and creating rides, shops, eating stalls, and more.  You can build all sorts of things:  from water slides to roller coasters, from haunted houses to swinging ships.  You can even build food places, drink stalls, a balloon shop, and information booth, and more.  You can even build you own unique roller coaster, or download one off the internet (if you're not happy with the prebuilt ones in the game).  This game is challenging, since you have to manage your park, while keeping a large amount of money.Right now, you can get this game for about $2, so I'd buy this cheap, fun game.prediction:4
reviewText:After the original SimCity came out I had thought it would be cool to have Sims based on other industries.  When I first heard of RCT I ran out and bought it.  Two years later, I still am not bored with it.The flexibility the game gives you in designing your own rollercoasters and theme parks is remarkable.  This is one game that lets the players creativity shine.If you like any of the Sim-games you will love RCT.  If you are trying to decide between this and ThemePark, choose RCT.  RCT has a more realistic feel, and better coaster design capabilities.prediction:4
reviewText:The game never gets old with it's many rides and many levels Atari did a great job putting this game together. Creating a prk is a blast. I love it. There is unlimited rides, Rollercoasters, and food accommodations. It teaches you the value of a dollar. Very good teaching skills. Once you start it you won't stop with it's wonderful game play. Wonderful Graphics. Wonderful story line this game is the best of the best. Awesome, Wonderful, Fantastic. Brovo!!!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Star Wars: X-Wing AllianceThis Game....IS BEAUTIFUL even for Today's Time...I have just gotten the Game a Month Ago or so AND IM STILL ON IT o.o Its AWESOME very very REALISTIC Dogfights and BEAUTIFUL EXPLOSIONS..Im a pretty good Pilot Myself and this is challangeing for ANYONE...and you're wingmen AI are SO SMART that they even steal you're kills if you're not fast enough :D Its exactly like being in a Cockpit of a X-WING and you get a sense that you need to Protect you're fellow Pilots and BELIVE ME THEY WILL PROTECT You...It hits the Star Wars Feel RIGHT ON THE HEAD :) and it just doesent get old...You can earn Metals , Ranks , Pilot Certifications and Items for you're Transport that you own in the game... TRUST ME IT IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY AND IF YOU ARE A SELF RESPECTING STAR WARS FAN YOU WOULD BUY THIS....and the Tie Fighters...SMART AS HECK...prediction:4
reviewText:I have been playing this game for over ten years now and I cannot get enough of this game.  It is without a doubt the best Indiana Jones game ever, the levels are long and full of puzzles and enemies left and right.  The story is long and full of twists and turns.prediction:4
reviewText:A true classic of the rpg genre.Great gameplay, immersive and rich storyline, fun multiplayer experience. Highly recommended!Blizzard's Diablo started it all.prediction:4
reviewText:Starcraft is still among the best of the real time strategy games. I especially like the inclusion of three factions with different abilities requiring different strategies to succeed. Get it with the Brood War expansion and have fun!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is awesome. It is still topping best-selling lists after all these years. A great buy.prediction:4
reviewText:... titles in real-time strategy games.Starcraft didn't really set a new standard when it was release for graphics, engine and gameplay. However, as people played it they realized how perfect this rts title really was. Easy to learn, difficult to master. It retains its flavor and fun even after all these years and so many other titles that came out after it.A great sci-fi rts game that should be in the collection of any fan of the genre. Don't miss out and make sure you also pick up the expansion back: Brood War.prediction:4
reviewText:StarCraft is always fun, although you start getting bored with the same  old sprites after a while. The balance of three different races is great,  although you'll have to download patches for the latest game balance  (necessary for Internet play). Gameplay itself is easy to get a grip on,  blut very hard to master. Still, the game allows players to just build up  big, powerful units and bulldoze to victory.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a good RTS although it comes in 2nd to Age of EmpiresII. The races in this game are a lot more fun that those of age of empires. Also their isnt as much resource starvation as in AOE. Starcraft is also more fast paced and I think overall is a better multiplayer game due to battle.net's easy play and go layout. Overall, this is the best real time strategy you are going to get for its $20 price on amazon.com PICK IT UP!prediction:4
reviewText:Starcraft is definitley the most addictive, simple and fun games you can buy, as well as the best value. The storyline is classic and the gameplay is simple yet engrossing. Get tired of the main game?The BEST part about SC is that it allows other "scenarios", which are essentially EXTRA FREE GAMES, to be made or DLed quickly and safely over multiplayer. In addition to Blizzard's versions, hundreds of fanmade games are available all over multiplayer, enabling for an excellent experience. From "SCV Football" to "capture the flag" to "Diplomacy", you'll find tons of fun things to play. SC is still updated and patched by Blizzard after *eight* years, which shows something great.You won't be dissappointed.prediction:4
reviewText:When you play starcraft, you step into a whole new realm of reality. it isn't anything like warcraft, it is twice as good. the goal of htis game is basically to knock out the computer opponent. There are 3 races to choose from: Terran (Human), protoss (high-teck alien), and zerg (primitave alien). All 3 are unique in their own way, with the terran, you can get tanks that destroy anything the can find, it is  great. There is also the multiplayer option which allows you to play on a LAN, or you can play on battle.net, which is a lot of fun. Buy starcraft, you should buy it even if its $.... The game is worth every penny and you are guarnteed to have fun.prediction:4
reviewText:Starcraft is/was definately a ground breaker. Even now (late 1999) it is still in the 10 ten games. This package contains the original and expansion pack. You also get the strategy guides in the box. I find this a really  good value. And contrary to all criticism received, this isn't just  warcraft in space, its completely unique.  This is just a great deal, very  good value!prediction:4
reviewText:I got starcraft buy looking at it, thought it was interesting, and bought it. It's been one of my favorite games ever (a major rival is Perfect Dark).My favorite spiecies is the Zerg. I like their mass-production way of battle. The Terrans are human, and my second favorite. They have fairly-skilled units at a fair price. The Protoss are hard to use for me, mostly because I go overbord with production of their highly priced units. The battlefields are awsome, the missions intereseting and hard, and the game is very addictive. Were it not you would fall asleep, you could play non-stop (I had to eat). The game is a great bargian...prediction:4
reviewText:StarCraft is arguably one of the best Real Time Strategy games ever made. It combines amazing game play, in depth unit characteristics, an amazing story, and fun online play all into one outstanding game.In StarCraft there are three races, the noble protoss, the vicious zerg, and unstable terrans, which wage ware against each other in an epic struggle for survival. Each race has their own type of units which do not correspond to units from any of the other race and Each race has their own strengths and weakness.The game play of StarCraft is easy to understand and fun to play. It has a learning curve of about 30 minutes and offers quick aid for making game winning strategies. The game also offers jaw dropping cinematic sequences (in game cut scenes) and funny unit quotes which complement the games story that is full of twists and turns.StarCraft is the game that set the standard of Excellency for all RTS games that preceded it. It is a must own for all Strategy Game lovers or those who love playing War games.prediction:4
reviewText:I've been playing this game since 1998 when the original came out and i've always and still do love it and play it. Great campaign, great custom games, and great online play. Endless entertainment. I highly recommend this game, especially the battle chest because it gives you strategy guides to both the original and the expansion, as well as bonus catalogues and strategy pamphlets.prediction:4
reviewText:You will never be able to play another real-time-strategy game again, I couldn't.  I have never played any other game as much or as long as I have played this one. Can't wait for part 2 later this year!prediction:4
reviewText:Ok, listen up. This is one of the best games ever made. There are 3 races, Terran (human), Protoss (advanced alien), Zerg (sacrifical alien).  You choose your race and battle in an area where you will find crystals and gas.  You must build up your army and FIGHT TO THE DEATH!!! It has great online play, the best of the best. If you like this game, I suggest you try WarCraft!prediction:4
reviewText:This is a great deal. Both stratagy guids,lots of new maps, lots of operating platforms, and low requirements make this a great deal. This is my all time favorite game. it is fun both with and without the internet, and is verry replayable. I garrente that you will lose sleep because this game is so good. So buy it~good playing. You will not be dissapointed when you buy it. :-)prediction:4
reviewText:Hi question if i order & purchase & pay for this PC Game star-craft battle chest with my credit card will the payment be accepted this time instead of declined again like blazing angels part 1 you know the one for the ps3 i payed for on this website a couple of weeks back with 3 others that were able to come through except one which is the blazing angels part 1 for the ps3 .prediction:4
reviewText:I had this computer on my 98 machine and it was truly the best pc game I have ever played (i have since moved on to ps2).  I just got an xp machine, and it will not run!! So, beware.  Anyway, if you are still on 95 or 98, this is a must have, especially at this price!!prediction:4
reviewText:It wasn't labeled "Game Of The Year" in it's day for no reason.  It was the basis for spawning the decade+ long running classic online shooter "Counter Strike".It is very fun to play and with a deep story line.  Collect this and the entire series and you will have something truly fun and entertaining to share with the grand kids years from now when they want to see "those old games" that pop pop used to play.  LOL!prediction:4
reviewText:Half-Life is a first person shooter in the same vein as Doom and Quake.  What sets Half-Life apart though, is the more detailed backrounds and more realistic gameplay.  In Quake, you blast everything to pieces and plow your way through the levels.  In Half-Life, you pretty much do the same thing except the backrounds and characters are more interactive...it almost seems like it's part role playing game. The graphics rival those seen on Quake and Unreal, and the story has more back-bone also. Overall, Half-Life provides more of a realistic environment to explore (and destroy) than most other games of it's kind.  If you can't get enough of first person shooters, Half-Life is a great choice for some more action.prediction:4
reviewText:In a world that makes it hard to find a pure adventure game, (not an adventure/action combo game where I dread the boring action part and can't wait until it is over, plus what is the point, the big group of action people don't want adventure and many adventurists don't want action - they try to please all, and up end up pleasing few) let alone a fun one, this was a blast. The second in the series was the best.prediction:4
reviewText:I had high expectations going into GK3... and I was not disappointed.  I'm a longtime adventure game fan, and it's been quite a while since I've played one of this calibre. I've always wanted the kind of total freedom  and interactivity the 3-D engine provides.  I hope Sierra is planning to  use it again.  Additionally, the storyline is first-rate and well plotted.  Gabriel and Grace are very human characters, and the way they relate to  each and develop was perhaps my favorite aspect of GK3.  Also, quite a  beautiful game.  If you love a good story, do buy it.prediction:4
reviewText:I originally gave this game a four star review--it deserves FIVE! Since purchasing this, I've tried many other games and NONE compare. For it's market, this game is number one! I've owned it now for over a year and still I enjoy it. Only in books have I experienced the ability that this game has in pulling you into the subject. If you purchase this, then you'll see the mastery that the designers injected it with. Happy flights!prediction:4
reviewText:Red baron 3-d is one of the best WWI flight simulator.  Its beath taking graphics and great gameplay, mix into one.  Good luck on your travels.prediction:4
reviewText:This one game represents the way PC is so incredible. This came out a  while ago and it still is one of my favorites. I find it challenging.  Microsoft Gaming Zone is getting really great too so you don't have to  worry about it being to complex. You will become hooked and be a quick Real  time strategy fan. This one is an Up-All-Nighter for you gamers. If you are  into RTS or no... get this game.prediction:4
reviewText:I just picked this limited edition box-set ..., and definantely am thankful I did. If you can find it somewhere, grab it.GK games did for mystery games what 'Command and Conquer' did for real-time strategies. Add the supernatural element and you got two great classics! The soundtrack CD that comes packaged is worth the price alone, as Robert Holmes composes some of the most beautifully eerie music.If you see this LE box-set, snatch it up!prediction:4
reviewText:This is an excellent game.  Though this is a sequel to Civ II there is no need to have experience on that game.  This new game eliminates the blurring of history periods that occurs in Civ II.  It also allows for  different kinds of victories.  It further has many customization options.  Then there are the nuclear weapons!  WOW!  You can upgrade the warheads and  the bombs get more and more powerful.  At one point you can vaproize about  20 squares and as many cities that would be in that area!  The mushroom  cloud that accompanies the strike is most impressive.  Unlike a lot of sims  out there, this one come with very complete information and manuals.  If  you enjoyed Civ II or the builing empires kind of games this is a MUST  HAVE!prediction:4
reviewText:It actually fits in my pocket. The colors look great. The sound is perfect. Everything seems to be in order. The seller even threw in Match of The Millennium for free. Wow! What a great find!prediction:4
reviewText:It is sad to see that SNK has decided to discontinue Neo Geo Pocket sales in North America because the NGP is by far the best portable system around.  THe NGP has the best graphics availiable in a porrtable console, and  features many of the best portable games.  Almost every Pocket game is of  high quality, and on average their games are twice as good as gameboy.  Since they have decided to discontinue North American sales I wouldn't  advise buying this system unless you can afford to buy many of their great  games before Amazon.com runs out.  This really is the best portable system!prediction:4
reviewText:This is the first game I wanted to buy when I got my Playstation, sadly, it is super rare and took my 6 months to find used. This is probably the rarest Playstation game, which is sad, because it is also one of the best.It combines classic Castlevania gameplay with RPG elements, such as the use of magic, and level points system, and a deeper storyline. Also adding to the depth is the use of money, relics that give special abilities, and a wider variety of weapons. The ability to equip weapons of your choice is a first for the series. By far the coolest is the ability to transform, you can be a bat, a wolf, or fog (!). The main character is Alucard (spell it backwards), who older gamers might remember from Castlevania 3 for NES. You meed a wide array of characters, some good, some bad, throughout your journey through Dracula's castle. The object of the game: same as the rest-find and destroy Dracula and end the vampire bloodline.The graphics are classic 2-D, which might turn off some gamers hoping for something more like Castlevania 64 (which was fully-rendered 3-D). Despite the 2-D, the control and character movement is greatly enhanced thanks to better animation and smooth controls. Castlevania games always had great music, and SOTN is among the best in that department. Each score perfectly matches the given environment, with beautifuly orchestrated melodies. Don't let the old-school look discourage you, this is an amazing game.Calling Castlevania: SOTN simply a nastalgia trip, while true in my case, would degrade the value of the game. It is an excellent and addictive game that satisfies on almost every level. It ranks among the best games for the Playstation, and you sould expect to pay a hefty price for a copy. It is now super-rare.prediction:4
reviewText:There is a reason hand-drawn sidescrollers are still being made: there is so much expression in these games that cannot yet be displayed in polygons, and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night is no exception. The characters and backgrounds are very well-drawn, the tunes set the tone well, the controls are top notch, the storyline is great, and the animation is perfect.In addition to be to being quite possibly the best side-scroller ever made, Symphony of the Night's music holds true to the title with well-orchestrated tunes that only a jaded misosymphonist -yes, I made that up- could hate.As the story goes, Dracula rises once every century to terrorize the the innocents of Transylvania. This is where a Belmont usually comes in to thwart Dracula's evil plots and send him back to where he came from. When Dracula dies (albeit temporarily) his castle vanishes with him. This time, however, things are a little different.Only four years after Richter Belmont defeated the Count, Dracula's castle rises again. Maria Rennard, Richter's cousin who helped him defeat Dracula, decides to investigate the castle after her cousin mysteriously disappears.Over 400 years ago, Dracula was betrayed by his son, Alucard, who aided Trevor Belmont in Dracula's defeat along with Grant (a nimble thief) and Sypha (a vampire-hunting sorceress). Now Alucard, who had put himself into what was supposed to be an eternal sleep, has risen again to put an end to his father ... permanently!As Alucard, you fight Dracula's evil minions while exploring the castle and the ground upon which it sits. The castle itself is made up of main halls, a church, a bell tower, a courtyard, and a library, among other things. Under ground are the abandoned mine and the catacombs. Things get even more interesting when or if you get to an upside-down version of the castle, where you face an evil grim reaper in earth "above" the castle, and eventually Vlad himself.What I also like about the game is the way it somewhat portrays the real Vlad Tepes Dracule, with impaled victims in the background and an equally menacing portrait.So is there anything wrong with this game? Ofcourse there is!  While you will get the chance to play as Richter, you'll never be able to play as Maria unless you buy a Japanese Sega Saturn (or an American one with a mod-chip) and Nocturn in the Moonlight.Konami also screwed Maria when they released Dracula X on Super Nintendo in America. Maria was playable in the Turbo PC-CD version in Japan.prediction:4
reviewText:So much has already been said about this game. One of the best and most riveting games on the PSX. At the end of the castle there is a surprise waiting for you! I will not spoil it.The graphics are impressive, for it's time, as well as the animation and control. The music and sounds fit the subject very well.Definitely a game worth while getting and playing. Fun, orignal and not to be missed. A game to be passed down or willed to a family member :)prediction:4
reviewText:Symphony is just a terrific game. It leaves anything before it, and many knock offs after it in the dirt. Alucard is not a whip slinging goof, not that the first two Castelvania games were bad in any respect. This just turns everything up several notches. A huge amount of items, armor, and weapons to use. Including some upgrades favorites (The Axe, Holy Water, Boomerang) New stuff like familliars (Little critters who have special powers, and will be a huge help to Alucard), an RPG level Up system, so you are able to take on the nasty beast that Dracula throws at you.  I have played this for years! And will continue to do so, huge amount of replay value just because of how beautiful it is. Just go get it, oh and a strategy guide or you'll be up poop creek.prediction:4
reviewText:I went through my old Video games, weeding out those destined for trade in at Bookman's.  I saw this one and remembered liking it, so I threw it back in and played it through.  I forgot how much fun this game was and highly recommend a re-try to those FPS freak out there.  I mean, you can get this game dirt cheap now, and it is a total blast!!!My only beef is, you have to play it through in order to use the cheat available and many of us play a game once and that's it.Other than that, not a single complaint.  This game freaking rocks!  Tons of different monsters/foes, tons of cool weapons, level upon level of varying backgrounds.  Too me back to the old days of all the Doom games.So, if you're feeling nostalgic and want to play an FSP that doesn't require you to evolve three extra fingers on each hand, dig this one back up or buy it dirt cheap here on Amazon.  You won't regret it.prediction:4
reviewText:This was one of the best games that I have played in a while. It has an engaging story line with more than one ending. It has challenging yet not difficult game play, the ability to be more than one character and great  graphics. Its world is infinitely engaging. While this game as I said does  have more than one ending it does not have an infinite amount of endings  and that is its only downside.prediction:4
reviewText:The original Fallout was the best RPG of 1997, almost by default. Fallout 2 is basically more of the same, which is good. However, it also revived a slew of minor upgrades from enhanced NPC control to extra animations.The  most notable and important change in Fallout 2 is better NPC AI and  controls. In the original Fallout NPCs were almost useless (except  Dogmeat). You control options from chemical usage to weapon selection.  In  the end, the truth is that Fallout 2 is another outstanding RPG and expands  on its predecessor impressively with more places, graphics, sounds and  gameplay. If you like RPGs at all, pick up Fallout 2. You won't regret it.prediction:4
reviewText:I remember playing this game when  it first came out, and I have loved it since. I have so many fond memories of playing this game, and I'm proud to own it again. It's an excellent game for gamers of all ages and generations. A must have!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is awesome. I used to have it as a kid and getting it again takes me back to the good old days. Best disney game ever made alongside Hercules. Love this and totally recommend it to anyone. It's for all ages!prediction:4
reviewText:I noticed a previous reviewer said you really need a fast system to play BZ2. Well I am playing on a 300mhz pent2, 160 megs ram, Voodoo3 3000, and with a 40kbs internet connection speed and it is smooth as silk with every  feature turned up and using 800X600 res. He must have alot of stuff running  in the background. Well enough of that. The single player game has great  graphics and good strategy gameplay. I find the storyline a bit weak  though. The multiplayer portion needs some work. Ping times are extremely  high and it is hard to get into a low(sub 400) ping room. They really need  to fix that portion. While I am not quite as impressed as with the first,  BZ2 is still a good game to keep you glued to your monitor for hours.prediction:4
reviewText:In the newsgroups and on some game magazine I read reviews that criticize the game. The bottom line of these people is that the game, compared to the predecessor 'Battlezone' is cheesy.  Well, I don't know about Battlezone I  becuase I never played it. This game though, is still very good.  It's  based on a very cool idea: you are a soldier and you can drive anything,  from powerful war machines to buidlings (turrets and factories and such).  You don't actually drive a factory: you just get in and configure it the  way you want. You also can get in a turret (and it's damn fun to blow a bug  up with one of those big plasma turrets! ). If you built it (and you have  to) you can get into the 'Relay station' which is a building that uplinks  to a satellite and gives you a satellite view of the action and lets you  play the game in a traditional (almost) RTS fashion.  The game is sci-fi  and definetly arcade-ish. Do not expect a sim or the ultimate RTS game from  it. It's still a very cool idea to allow you to switch from an RTS view to  a first person view: you send your troops to fight and then you get in your  tank and go with them to fight and suffer the consequences of your  strategical mistakes or enjoy blow enemies up in person!  I reccomend it  to any action or RTS player: it's a game to try out!prediction:4
reviewText:This was purchased as a gift for my daughter to use on her electronics.  She will enjoy it to no end.  Thank Youprediction:4
reviewText:It is sturdy.  It connects well.  It play well.  It does exactly what you think it should do and does it well.prediction:4
reviewText:The original Suikoden remains one of the PlayStation's finest early role-playing games, a pleasant mixture of traditional RPG gameplay and strategic planning. This sequel builds upon the respectable framework laid by the first title, adding a far more complex plot and refining the game's graphics. You assume the role of a valiant lad in the midst of a brutal war, and you are fated to reunite the 108 stars of destiny to end the strife encompassing the land. While its predecessor features a few mini-games to dabble with, Suikoden II assaults you with an unbelievable assortment of diabolical diversions. Several games of chance, a rock climbing adventure, and an Iron Chef-style cook-off are merely a few of the many ways to extend your gaming experience. Role-playing fans looking for an exceptionally deep and lengthy quest need not look any further, for this game has precisely what you need.prediction:4
reviewText:This is no doubt konami's greatest work.The graphix are great for a PS1 game.The storyline has to be the best I have ever heard of for a game.You can really tell that konami put alot of time,thought and feeling into this one!The gameplay is great and the game is preety long and since the plot is so great and the way it unravels just makes you wanto keep on playing and playing.I first played this at one of my friends house.The AI  though is kind of pathetic.I mean you can be behinde a few boxes,look up,aim at a bad guys leg and shoot him and he just goes"HUH,WHOS THERE"?So I shot him a second time to see what he was doing and the second time he actually started to walk towards me and then he says"HMMMM" and then he turned around and walked back to where he was standing.After that I got mad and I ran all the way up to him when his back was turned and I kicked him and he goes "HUH"!And then after about 5 seconds he FINALLY turned around and saw me and then I killed him.So I hope just because I told you that the enemys are stupid that that wont keep you from buying it because this is still a fun game and the enemys do get a little smarter if you select hard mode.The Bosses are great and well thought up and you even get to learn alot about there privet life when there not trying to take over the planet,like...Sniper Wolf,it talks about her and it even talks about one of your team mates(Octagon)falling in love with her.Its funny though because after you kill her you have to listen to him whine about her death and stuff.Overall this game is great,fun,and has some replay value also.I recommend this game to everyone!prediction:4
reviewText:Pros:Very interesting and well done storyYou use stealth instead of force in the gamevery fungood controlslong ,interesting, and entertaining cutscenesdone like a spy dramacan go in 1st person veiwa good portion of bosses are hand to hand combat for fighting fansa story of betrayl death and deceptionmultible endingsother games than story modeyou have communicaterhigh replay valueCons:some other characters in the story get repetativemight affend gulf war veteransprediction:4
reviewText:this game is just the best game ever to hit the ps1, and waaaay ahead of its time as far as realistic storytelling. it just doesnt come any better then this. experience it if u havent.prediction:4
reviewText:This is probably my all-time favorite game at this point, and as I've had it over a year now, and I've been playing video games since &quot;Pac-Man&quot; was a major hit... I can say it's pretty good!Pluses are being able to sneak around to avoid combat (unlike a lot of games where the enemies run right at you when you enter a scene), cool weapons, an awesome story-line and a soundtrack that is beyond cool (listen to the intro and ending song).Okay, if you've played the old 8-bit Nintendo games of Metal Gear, you are going to remember &quot;Solid Snake&quot;, as he battled the forces of Outer Heaven. Now, the graphics have improved and so the game has a real &quot;feel&quot; to it, and you're silenced pistol is your best friend. There are two secret items in the game. One is an unlimited ammo bandana, and the other, a stealth suit. And if you beat it twice on the same save... something else happens (think James Bond).Can't say enough good things about this one!prediction:4
reviewText:I don't want to drown you with hoopla, so I'll just tell you that my wife really isn't into games. She really isn't, and I'm not going to say that Metal Gear got her to grab the controller all of a sudden because it didn't. What it DID do is hold her attention indefinitely. For the first time ever, she actually encouraged me to play, play, play. The storyline, action, yada, yada, yada is that good. Really. I'm surprised a Metal Gear Movie isn't in theatres yet.prediction:4
reviewText:What can be said about this masterpiece?  This game is utterly amazing in every aspect.  The plot is full of so many details.  It relates to things that we know about.  Not everything is just hoopla made up by the game designers.  The action and the thinking parts of the game are superbly balanced.  You're not just running around, fighting people.  There's parts were you have to be stealthy, part's were you have to think.  Man, this is just a milestone in video game history.  And wouldn't you like to partake of the sweetness that is Metal Gear Solid?  I assume your answer was yes, and the only way to do partake of it is to buy it.  So do it.prediction:4
reviewText:Hideo Kojima's "Metal Gear Solid" (1998) is like a great classic film that has now become required viewing for movie buffs - this is required playing for gaming enthusiasts. It stars Solid Snake, a weary, gruff veteran of the battlefield with a deep, gravelly voice, who always keeps a pack of cigarettes handy just in case. His mission is to infiltrate a nuclear weapons facility on an island off the coast of Alaska, code-named "Shadow Moses," which is currently being occupied by the ex-black ops unit turned terrorist group known as "Foxhound." It's not immediately apparent what the group's ultimate goal is, and in fact one of the great pleasures of "MGS" is the way in which the story slowly unravels. Many of the characters have secrets and motivations of their own, some of which wisely go unexplained (what's Ocelot really up to?). As a game made on PS1 hardware, the gameplay holds up considerably well for its time. It's played from a third-person top-down perspective. You can equip different gear (rations, binoculars) on the lower left of the screen and weapons (guns, explosives) on the lower right. Stealth plays a big role as you constantly try to avoid alerting the patrolling guards. The best gameplay sequences involve the unique boss battles with the members of "Foxhound." These sections are fun because no boss or battle is alike, and each character that you duel feels wholly original. The main draw and what makes this game, and the series, so special is the masterful storytelling that grabs ahold of you and doesn't let go. It's the stellar voice cast, including David Hayter as Snake, the ingenious plot, the phenomenal soundtrack and atmosphere - it's the meticulously crafted world that you can't help being completely absorbed in.--- 5 STARS ---prediction:4
reviewText:If you have little children who enjoy the Rugrats believe me they,ll love this game. My kids are ages 6yrs to 10yrs old and this game has provided hours and hours of fun. I never heard my  kids laughing and cheering each other on so much, until I purchased this game for them.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the frithening horror game ever created, play in a dark room and discover the chilling experience in a video game, i really love this.prediction:4
reviewText:I was a relative chill game virgin until I played this game.I remember sitting in the dark of my room with my portable telly hooked up and a blanket over my head.I thought I was ready, I thought I had come well prepared.Mist engulfed me - I think I have been lost ever since.Devil dogs - alternate worlds, an unborn heathen God - chaos.Beautifully made and timeless - no wonder the movie gurus have nicked it for the big screen.Atmosphere in abundance - crippled corpses and radio interference.There are hours of despair waiting here for you and a sense of time well spent - I enjoyed every moment, my heart has never been the same!prediction:4
reviewText:being the survivla horror fan I am, I have to start by saying that if you happen to see this at a discount store, or bargen bin, pick it up, and hold it close, as the game has become very rare in many areas of the world. This was Konami's answer to Capcom's Resident Evil, and still is one of the most popular horror games today. The game, unlike REsident Evil ,or many other horror games, chooses to scare you in a more mental, quiet sense (not to say resident evil is bad, I'm mearly saying SH and RE are very different form one another). The game is not for the faint of heart, or those with out a healthy ammount of patience, as the game focuses mainly on puzzle soving and exploration. although the graphics are dated by today's standards, this is easilly overlooked once you start playing. Although the game offers a fantasic story, and haunting atmosphere, I highly recomend Silent Hill 2 over the orrigional, as it has better controlls, smoother visuals, and an even better story. I have played many horror games, and believe me when I say that this one and it's sequels stand out amongst the rest, and shoud be added to any games collection. Silent hill is not a game to miss.prediction:4
reviewText:It's awesome if you love Metal Gear Solid (especially the first one)as much as I do.  Packed with unlockables like the ability to play as Grey Fox!  Big time investment however which is a good or bad thing depending on how you look at it.prediction:4
reviewText:got the old school metal gear soild vr missions for my ps3 and starting playing it and oh man i started remember my childhood playing it on my brothers ps1 back in 1999-2000 and still play it today 2014..prediction:4
reviewText:Soul Reaver is a very intelligent and extremly fun 3rd person game.  It has some of the finest graphics and absolutly NO loading time.The game has a great story/plot.  The story of the gameplay just keeps getting  better and better as you go on.  Fighting all sorts of villians and bosses.  Collecting Glyphs and Life crystels.  The fun keeps on going!In the  game, you are part of an elite Vampire group. Until one century, you evolve  before your master, and this displeases him.  So he sends you off and kills  you.  After the longest time you get risen by some God and you seek out  revenge on your once bretheren.  The game has sophisticated fighting and  many different items to pick up along the way, from a piercing spear to an  energy sword which is attached to your arm.One other neat thing about it  is the 2 worlds it has.  You can switch from the Under world to the real  world when you please.  Attacking the spirits of the dead in the Under  world and attacking the living in the real world.  Both sides you dont suck  blood anymore, you suck their souls.Dont wait long, this game is a  must-buy.prediction:4
reviewText:Okay, if you're one of those kids I see hanging around in the software store fidgeting and constantly moving around anxiously picking up one box and tossing it aside to pick up another....Or if you LOVE your console system and don't understand the benefits of gameplay depths the PC offers....Or if you can't stand Microsoft Flight Simulator because you can't shoot anything....Then this game is not for you.I've been reading a lot of negative reviews here, apparently from 12-year olds who don't understand the meaning of 'subtlety'. No, you don't go around shooting things constantly. You must sneak quietly and stay in the shadows. And when a passerby suddenly discovers you, you will feel a surge of adrenaline unlike that which can be found in a typical twitch shooter.Completing a mission here takes hours and brings a great feeling of accomplishment. Also, there is a wonderful focus on exploration. Be patient...As Don Henley said, &quot;Learn To Be Still&quot;.prediction:4
reviewText:This game failed in so many ways it has become a legend!Where should one start? The (mid 90's) gaming-industry prima-donna John Romero with his touch of midas and fleet of Ferraris spearheading the development; the announcement of the greatest game-ever-experienced; the impossible schedule to be in stores before Christmas of 1997 with less than 7 months in production; the in-your-face advertisements that over-hyped this game like no other..Then came the delays...and the postponements...and Christmas of 2000 - and then QUAKE III came along and everything felt so yesterday...To be fair, this is NOT as bad a game as its reputation.True, I hated the sidekicks so much (total lack of ANY intelligence - with the exception of finding ways to getting themselves killed and ending the game!) I had to let it steep for a whole summer before finishing it off. True, it was not fast enough or graphically impressive enough to compete by 2000.On the other hand, most of the weapons were imaginative, the gameplay was innovative at times (incorporating some puzzles in an FPS game above the level of finding the...blue and red cards), the settings well designed (having to travel in different eras is not common in a futuristic games). What I really enjoyed, though, was its constant Japanese undercurrents, from weapons and sceneries to characters' dialog.No game collection is complete without it I am afraid...prediction:4
reviewText:I understand the vast diversity of comments and judgements regarding this game. It may not be the right choice for everyone. If you're into state of the art graphics and gameplay you will probably not like it.If ,however, you consider yourself an old school gamer, who still loves Quake 2, HERETIC 2 and the like you will most definitely be mesmerized by this game. Also if you are into great storytelling and fantastic voice acting and sound-effects you are in the right place!Daikatana is like a pearl in a shell. You need to get past its rough edges to experience its glory!The game has better, more and less cliched sound effects than most recent playstation and x-box games. It also sports some neat visuals (just crank up the resolution and it still shines). The story is nothing short of incredible and would make an excellent movie. Not to mention the awesome variety of 4 different time periods (and unique weapon sets in each)! Daikatana NEVER gets repetitive! As soon as you think you're getting the idea you move on to a totally different time-period with unique surroundings, sounds, enemies, music, weapons, mission design/quests. Even recent shooters on PC, PS2 and XBOX lack THAT variety! (Trust me, I'm a hardcore player and have experienced games for the last 30 years).Daikatana also has a unique style: something between sci-fi, martial arts, cartoon and MANGA - everyone who loves Ghost in the Shell and the like must crave!Personally I love both state-of-the-art games as well as old school games. And, boy, let me tell you: Doom3, Half-Life2 and the like can learn a whole lot in terms of story-telling and sound-design from good old Daikatana!Give this a shot if you need a break from the state-of-the-art 100 page manual games and what some decent fraggin' and a gaming-world to get lost in for many, many, many hours !Don't listen to the critics - they are not always right. You may really miss out on something cool: the PEARL inside the SHELL.prediction:4
reviewText:You're a huge robot running through a city demolishing stuff.  What's not to like?  Graphics look good and the gameplay works well.prediction:4
reviewText:This is such a sweet game! It's got  great graphics (For it's time), immersive gameplay, totally interactive and huge enviorments and a good storyline. I am totally addicted to this game, I can't put it down! I love this game and I would definitly recommend this to any action/adventure gamers. To me this game is a Dreamcast classic!prediction:4
reviewText:This normally takes a long time and is purely strategy-based.  There are at least 50 different creatures you can fight with, each with special abilities and statistics.  You send &quot;heroes&quot; to bring these creatures around the map to gain resources, experience, artifacts, and other treasures.  Then you use your cities to make more creatures.  Generally, the idea is to wipe out your opponents in stunning, turn-based battle sequences.  The heroes are generally few and they often just explore and wipe out uncontrolled creatures, which may flee, attack you, join you, or offer themselves for hire.  The games take a long time depending on the map, at least 3 hours.  You can make scenarios, and the editor is pretty friendly.  I recommend this game for people who want a slow-paced, strategic challenge.prediction:4
reviewText:Fear Effect is excellent!  The graphics are fun, the storyline is great, the gameplay is exciting...  It is the best game I have played in a while.THE DOWNSIDE: The game has very little replay value, and it is not  very long.  It only took a few hours to beat.  The game IS fun, though --  once I beat it, I went right back to play through in Hard Mode.  After  that, though, there was nothing more to the game.VERDICT:  You should  definitely rent this game if it interests you at all (you will not be  disappointed).  I would not recommend buying it, though.prediction:4
reviewText:Part Dating Sim, part RPG and a whole lot of fun! Players assume the role of Meis, a womanizing hero who needs to woo ladies in order to strengthen his weapons. This game is fully voice acted, which was pretty remarkable at the time of release! A hilarious and charming story that any RPG fan should try.prediction:4
reviewText:First off im just gonna say that this game is very weird, one of the most unique games ever. You will probably never play any game like this unless there is a sequel. This is because of the way you learn new spells, you date women! This is very funny because of what they ask and their different reactions, and it is in dialogouge and interactive anime! My complaints are in the battle system factor, it is just kinda dumb. Your three characters are lined up in a row and when on dies the other comes in, so you only fight with one character at a time. This game is very fun, and it can help all those desperate guys out there who aren't gettin' any action. ^_^prediction:4
reviewText:This game is awesome! You play as a gang member for any gang you chose. You complete missions to earn money for your gang, and can be in wars with cops, other gangs, and the army. Although the graphics may be bad...it completely makes up for it in gameplay.  This game offers a wide variety of weapons(including rocket launchers, machine guns, car bombs,and tazers,) cars, and missions.  It is very fun to play, and has very high levels of replayablity.  Everthing is always new!  Buy this game....you wont be dissapointed.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the best games from PS1. I love to play it to players because it's interactive and we have to pass order on what to do like a real mission and cover each other like a real war mission.prediction:4
reviewText:ok, I have to be honest.  This game totally rocked.  The graphics were surprisingly impressive and the combatives that you use, (Such weaponry as the soul reaver, Kain Reaver, Ariel reaver, Fire Reaver, Etc) is impressive and totally sucks you in.  There are two reasons that I gave this game 4 stars instead of five stars: It can be very hard due to the puzzles and lack of direction, and plus it can be boring after a while because the enemies get pretty redundant after the first couple of levels.  On the other hand, this game is worth buying.  I enjoyed exploring the  dark, scary, gut wrenching and yet unique world of Nosgoth, and I am hoping to get Blood Omen 1.  Either way, this game is fun.  It's impossible not to enjoy this game.prediction:4
reviewText:This is undoubtedly the best Harvest Moon game to date, and one of, if not, the best Nintendo 64 games.It's an underrated classic, a cult classic. I highly recommend it. It's fun, and realistic.Beware though, like all Harvest Moon games, this is addicting. It's a farming life sim.You can court girls, go to festivals, and do a variety of things.prediction:4
reviewText:Okay I use to have Harvest Moon for the GBC and in the game you talk to alot of people you get a pet and you do a bunch of farming all in all it's a really great game and can be played on the GBC, Original GBA, and GBA SP.  So if you like farming and talking in games then get this game you'll really enjoy when I first got this game from a friend I couldn't put it down for almost over a month.  Oh and plus there's a photo album in the game that you have to play the game for a while to unlock each picture and if you have a Game Boy Printer which you can get off here amazon then you can print out your pictures and you can play as a girl or a boy in the game.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is very good. It combines the good things of the original Mortal Kombat with (few) good things of the later Mortal Kombats such as (MK3 & MK3 Ultimate). It is worth buying if you still play your Playstation1, or if you are a die hard MK fan and you still want to play it on your PS2 IF you have one.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is very fun got ahead give it a shot its worth the price, do i need to say anything eles?prediction:4
reviewText:Whew!!!!!!!!!...After being highly disappointed with the N64 version and playing it on the PSX with my cousin, I think that the PSX version is the BEST MORTAL KOMBAT GAME EVER!!!! I mean, how can you go wrong with picking this excellent title up to build up on your PS1 collection? This has Fatalities, Stage Fatalities, Brutalities, Fatalities and many others. Plus, you can get the classic MK Characters and stages. So, if you do not have this game and have either or all of the three PlayStations that have came out, I highly recommend you to pick this masterpiece up.prediction:4
reviewText:This is definitely my favorite action adventure MK game of all time. Especially this Playsation version that I'm reviewing. This is the last MK game to use the side scrolling 2D graphics. The player takes control of MK's popular fighter Sub-Zero before he enters the MK1 tournament. The story takes place some years before the MK 1 storyline were Sub-Zero is given certain tasks to do for every mission. In Short, Sub has a lot of special moves that the player has to earn throughout the game, the spine rip fatality when you finish certain bosses, (which will affect certain parts of the games story), combos, a variety of different levels that are fantastic both in looks and music, environmental traps, getting across platforms, the variety of enemies, the bosses, some familiar/classic MK bosses, and others that are completely new, and the climbing of different stories to get from one area to the next. The game has blood and gore as it should and it has full motion video cutscenes with real actors and realistic CGI backgrounds. This is definitely a great game that I recommend to any MK and/or Sub-Zero fan.prediction:4
reviewText:A good one for the collection. It brings back some good memories from the 1990s and the old pentium 2 days!prediction:4
reviewText:I admit... when I first heard about FF8 I was skeptical. I thought &quot;How could Square match FF7?&quot; Doubtless I still wanted the game so I placed my reserve on the game about 1 month in advance. So the day of September 9, 1999 came (the whole 9-9-99 thing) and I got it. I popped it in and instantly was blown away. I saw the opening seen and knew right then, that the &quot;mature anime&quot; of the characters were amazing. I mean you see the detail that Square includes in just the opening sequence and you are amazed. So I played for a while and put it away till Christmas. (school started) I pulled it back out at Christmas time and decided to play. I got through the first disc that day and then I sat around for hours just playing Triple Triad. For those of you who do not know what it is, it is a sort of CCG in the videogame. Once you start though it just takes up tons of time and it is totally amazing how ingrosing this &quot;game inside a game&quot; is. I loved getting all the GF cards and the Main character cards and such. I just want to say if you get the chance to buy this game, then devote hours to Triple Triad just like all of us devoted hours to Gold Saucer. Other than that the new &quot;junction system&quot; is the new form of Magic/Summon. You junction GF to you which gives you abilities, higher attack/magic points, and other stuff like that. You have to draw magic from animals in the world around you. It's that it just makes you wonder where they got the magic from? The best part about this game though is the amazing Storyline. It changes a whole lot and like most RPGs this one lives off of it's storyline. If you are a Final Fantasy Fan or just an RPG or Videogame fan then treat yourself to this 4 disc monster. You will not be sorry.prediction:4
reviewText:Okay--let's get one thing straight.  On technical merits, there is no argument that any person can make that this isn't the greatest game in the series to the point that it was made.  To put it simply, the graphics are mind-blowing.  I started this game IMMEDIATELY after finishing seven, and from the opening scene, I can assure you that you won't find better in the earlier series.  As always, the sound is solid and the gameplay is well structured, so what you end up with is a game that is, in fact, technically superior to anything Square had done to that point, and is still impressive today.The concern that most people have with this game, however, has nothing to do with the technical merits, and I'll admit that there's some merit to complaints about the game's story.  While the idea that Square set out with in development is fine, ultimately, the tale fails to break out of the same old pattern that's been carved out for Final Fantasy games from the beginning.  Ostensibly a love story (and I can assure you that it works well in that regard, as the individual character development and storytelling is honest and well paced), the plot seems to vascilate schizophrenically between a poorly described threat to the survival of the world and the plight of the individual characters.  This can get frustrating at times, especially considering the fact that the story could have been told just as effectively if the writers had never worried about introducing the notion of saving the world.  In the end, however, the plot confusion turned out to be a wash for me, since the real story (the love story) is told as adeptly as the genre and cultural incompatibilities will allow.Considering the price that this game carries right now, the sheer technical impressiveness that it shows, and the great history of the series, it's probably fair to say that any Playstation gamer should add this to their collection.  At twenty dollars, just the CG movies alone are worth the price of admission, and if you're willing to learn a new advancement system (the junction system, while it infringes upon the uniqueness of individual characters, is fun in its own right), you should find that the game itself is entertaining and enjoyable to play.  While there may be some plot mistakes, in total, this game still has to be considered a smashing success, and a welcome addition to any gamer's library.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is by far the best game i've played although I've only played and beat a couple games.The battle system is awesome and is very customizable.Like you can junction stuff too your HP,Attack,M defense,status defense,and a lot more,and it can even be a fun process.The sound is very good and does not get on my nerves like other people say,which I don't even pay attention to the sound because i'm to in to the game...the ending song is very good.The gameplay is awesome,I love the enimies and the bosses are ussually pretty tough...The GF's are very cool,the side quests are very fun...The story is amazing,it gets better and better til the very end of the cast..The CG cinemas are amazing and will never be called bad graphics from here to whenever.The graphics are very good for the psx....I highly reccomend buying this game if you like RPG's or adventure games.prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy VIII combines a fantastic story, amazing visuals, and excellent sound with solid RPG gameplay, an eminently tweakable junction system, and scads of secrets and extras. Cast all fears aside: this Final Fantasy is one of the greatest game ever to bear the name. Jody Bissoonprediction:4
reviewText:Over 9 years old, this game is still great. The story, graphics, and gameplay are even better the FF 7 and FF 9. It is a long and exciting game that any fan of rpg's will love.prediction:4
reviewText:fiancee wanted so got it for him for christmas. had played it as a child and loved it o wanted to play again. he didnt put it down for days till he finally beat it. still goes back and plays more every once and awhile. highly recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:I'm having the most fun I've ever had on PlayStation!  I highly recommend it.  Best RPG ever!prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy VIII is probably the most maligned game in the Final Fantasy series. While many people loved the game, many also didn't because of its overall change in direction and atmosphere. Well, regardless of how different it may be, Final Fantasy VIII is still an excellent game and belongs in every RPG fan and Playstation Owner's collection.What makes Final Fantasy VIII unique is that it shows Squaresoft, while still keeping the series at its basic roots, is unafraid to tinker a little with its formula. First of all, the storyline is quite a bit different from earlier Final Fantasies. It centers mostly on character development and keeps the basic good-versus-evil plot (while still an integral part of the game) more in the background than in previous titles. The game also has a much more grown up/mature feel than earlier games because of its more adult storyline and the discarding of the super-deformed characters of previous titles. Once again, the new direction Square takes with the series works quite well.Fortunately, a great game still lies within the great storytelling. The Junction system really isn't as annoying as people make it out to be. Equiping guardian forces is a breeze, and the admittedly cumbersome "Draw" system of magic is tamed by the ease in building levels (you only need 1,000 Exp. per level, as opposed to the varying number of required Exp in previous Final Fantasies). And the battles, while sometimes dragging on longer than necessary, are generally enjoyable and interesting.In brief, Final Fantasy VIII is an excellent RPG. I whole heartedly recommend it to fans of the Final Fantasy series, as well as those looking for a nice change of pace within the RPG genre.prediction:4
reviewText:I really love this game! It's one of my favorite games of all time. It was the first RPG I ever played and loved every minute of it! Companies don't make games this good anymore.This game features Squall , a lone wolf, that becomes a Seed from Balamb Garden (This garden educates people and trains them so that they can fight evil sorceresses.While the story progresses, Squall stops being a lone wolf,and eventually makes friends. When Squall , and two more Seeds, have their first mission,while being in the subway, they pass out and have this dream about the adventures of three soldiers Laguna , Kiros and Ward. As the game progressess, these three characters turn out that they do exist and that that they play a very important role in the game.It also has two superbosses at the end of the game, Ultima and Omega weapon , the last one, being the most  difficult monster in the whole game and it's optional to fight him. The best about this game , is that the ending is perfect.Another great thing about this game is that that it has a lot of sidequests like in final fantasy X and x-2 so that makes it a very long game (mine in total has 93 hours of gameplay).In conclusion, you should buy this game, I can assure you, that that you will not regret it!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is the black sheep of the franchise. you may LOVE it. you may HATE it. One thing is for certain however--it is better than most of the other final fantasy games.prediction:4
reviewText:...lousy deathmatch appeal.  Uninspired, retooled, reused weapons, very un-fun level design, and a shoddy skeletal system for models.  That had to beef up the speed so it would be hard to tell.  Other than that, for some reason it just is not fun.  I do not know what it is, just that it seems the fun had been yanked out.  I played Q1 and Q2 religiously, and was chomping at the bit for Q3.  It got released, I grabbed it, and was very disappointed.  At least other companies put the engine to good use for entertaining games.prediction:4
reviewText:This game has amazing visuals, that are some of the best ive ever seen.  The only reason i gave this game 4 stars is because  the single player is so short, that you will be done with it in about 2 hours of playing.  The multiplayer is amazing though.  I feel that it is even better than UT's multiplayer.  If you like frags then get this gameprediction:4
reviewText:This has always been one of my favorite games of all time. Ever since I was a little kid. :Dprediction:4
reviewText:I love this game this game is the best game in the world!!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:The best game I play in a long time. The level's are cool and very pretty. The background color is great and smooth.Rayman is trying to save himself and he's friend's form being takeing over. If he does't the world will be lost forever.In the game to save the world you must fine four mask in the hidden world's and in the game rayman's friend's will help you to get your power's back.You are in rayman's world now. Help him save the world before it is to late. In the game you will fine lums in cages in the world's help the lums escape. There are many lums. There are blue lums, lums that give you air. And there are red lums that give you heath and life. In the game you get to go in the pretty places and the darkness places in the game.Save the world form evil and darkness before the goodness is gone forever.Have fun in the game I did and I love it, you will love it too.I hope.prediction:4
reviewText:I'm a big JRPG fan and this is probably my favorite exclusive to Dreamcast (Except the one on Gamecube). Great story. Wonder graphics for the time. I got this purely to have, since I lost it years before. If you have a dreamcast and LOVE JRPG, play this!prediction:4
reviewText:I bought myself a used Dreamcast last year, and so far Rayman 2 has been one of the best games I have for it.For fans of the Playstation version, it is a slight disappointment that there aren't actual voices for the cutscenes, which was something that added to the game.There are some better things about it, though.  For one, the frames per second is 60, as oppose to the PS1 version's 30.  The graphics are very sharp, and the animation is very well done.The levels are slightly different than its Playstation counterpart, and involves more maneuvers and features.  Also, there is an exclusive multiplayer level found only on the Dreamcast version.All in all, I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who still has a working Dreamcast.  Oh, and it only takes up two blocks of memory space on the VMU, so memory is not an issue.  Unless you only have one block.prediction:4
reviewText:perfect, just what i was looking for and exactly what i needed. it works perfectly and came in great shape, no damage and super fast shippingprediction:4
reviewText:The Mad Catz Gameboy AC Adapter is the best item I have EVER purchased! The cord is durable and the awesome purple/clear color is like eye candy to warm the soul! Almost every time you plug it in, it works without error. Now, I don't own a gameboy, however this little powerhouse is a best buy even if you DON'T own one! Buy this item today!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:It works and I can still play my game and not have to put in new batteries I can play. Now I need to get my a light for it and then I can play before I go to sleep.prediction:4
reviewText:The color is the same of my GB Advance has so is a nice match, and works well that's the important, arrive on time and the price is comfortable, I'm happy with this one!.prediction:4
reviewText:Although it may not be the most innovative or the most expansive game on the market, Age of Wonders captivates the hearts of gamers withits solid tried-and-true gameplay. Even if the game borrows details from several  others, it just improves so much on the gameplay that it's hard not smile.  While the game lacks any randomness, it captures the old-school feeling of  true feudalism. The color palette is fantastic and I was surprised at the  superior quality of the music - excellent, to say the least. The units are  well-balanced, and despite the low number of different unit types the game  allows for a fascinating amount of strategy, unlike the other games which  mainly specialize in getting as many units, items, and characters on-screen  as fast as possible.Even if a game doesn't fill your screen with  glittering effects, or doesn't offer you fifteen billion different  customizable units doesn't exactly mean that it cannot be excellent. Age of  Wonders is.prediction:4
reviewText:major Shephard. Experience Half-Life's Lambda Complex incident all over again through the eyes of major Shephard, part of a squad sent in to contain the chaos that has erupted in the Lambda Research Complex.First, play Half-Life. Actually, this game won't even run without it so you don't have much of a choice.prediction:4
reviewText:This was my first Tomb Raider game and after playing all the rest, this one is still my favorite. (I'm waiting for the new one to come out!) The story line is great, the places your visit are breath taking, and it's full of adventure with great graphics. This Tomb Raider definetely gets five stars!prediction:4
reviewText:i loved the other tomb raiders, and this one is great. well except for a few things... it's not compatable with any laptop:'(... which makes no sense what so ever x-( theres like 35 levels :-| and i hate that it leaves you hanging at the end:(now the good things are, it's really fun:), the graphics are great:)~, and you'll be trying to figure out one level for like days O_O which isn't that bad because i love challenges:P. and it also helps if you have the walkthrough:)if you liked the others, you must get this one!prediction:4
reviewText:I have to say this is my favorite game. The graphics are terrific, the music isn't annoying, the cutscene animations are marvelous, and i haven't stayed up till 4 in the morning to play a game since i can remember. The  accomplishment you feel when you complete a pyramid is quite remarkable.  The game is so much fun and has so many great features you could play the  game for weeks straight and still not get bored.prediction:4
reviewText:Bough this game around 2000.... I still have it and I still play it. This is one of the best and greatest city building games of all time.prediction:4
reviewText:The game has many flaws in it making it almost unplayable. The most notable is the Anti-copy feature on the CD's themselves making it impossible for some CD and DVD drives to read. At present Blizzard has no  plans to fix this feature. Also the graphics and lag time in both online  and single play are bad. In order to get the game to play you will need to  tinker with the drivers and system options to get it to work. Reminds me of  the old days of  DOS where a Boot Disk had to be created to change your  memory options. The box reports a minimum of 32Meg of memory, I would think  it is closer to 64Meg. If your character incounters a large amount of  monsters it will bog way down and the monsters will kill you before you get  a hit in. If you must absolutely have the game I would wait a month for the  problems to be fixed. There are already 2 patches in less then 2 weeks with  number 3 in the works.prediction:4
reviewText:amazing is what i would say best describes it. i have the first one and the land in diablo II is 4x the size of diablo I and just as fun to explore. Blizzard improved on the cast having a lot more balance to each unique chacter with each having unique skills (spells) i give it five stars its amazing. the only drawbacks are that it is more complicated to get on battle.net and you will lose a lot of sleep! buy it! if you want more info on it e-mail me at jwp13@cs.comprediction:4
reviewText:You don't have to do a lot of thinking or puzzle solving in this game and sometimes I just like to kill things so this is great!  The graphics are pretty cool and if you get upgrades the get better.  I love the fact that you can be one of five characters now instead of just one of three -- the male characters still outweigh the female.  There are some graphic glitches every now and then which make your assistants pace back and forth and not rush to your aid.  The graphics can get a bit gross especially in act IV where you go to "hell".prediction:4
reviewText:This is the controller I grew up with. Same old moving capabilities and works great with racing games. This is a must have for any playstation addict.prediction:4
reviewText:It's unfortunate that you have to buy these cards second hand now.Sony will do anything to make you buy newer versions of their PS-3.that have had constant complaints from customers.There are a lot of Very Good PS 1 GAMES OUT THERE,AND YOU CAN'T PLAY THEM WITHOUT THE MEMORY CARD.wEITE TO sony AND COMPLAIN.prediction:4
reviewText:The N64 is one of the top 3 systems ever released by Nintendo along with SNES and Wii. The game library is pretty large and boasts a variety of racers, shooters, and rpgs/platform rpgs. The N64 gave us that first glimpse of extremely open world game play and 3D characteristics. This was the last system to feature cartridge based games with quick load times. In an era when Playstation was marketing their franchises like Crash Bandicoot and Tomb Raider, Nintendo took a more "fun" approach to the N64. One of the greatest things about the N64 is that it's built very sturdy and strong. The console and games can take a pretty good beating and still keep on working. There are a good variety of games that are fun for the whole family. I think this is a great console to own for anyone who was a gamer in the 90s or anyone looking for a starter console for their kids.If you're new to the N64 and looking for some suggestions, here's a few MUST OWN:Zelda Ocarina of TimeMario 64Mario Kart 64Donkey Kong 64Goldeneye 007Banjo and KazooieHarvest Moon 64Mortal Kombat TrilogyStarfox 64Zelda Majoras Maskprediction:4
reviewText:Ever played N64? If you haven't your in for a treat. There are SO many awesome, classic games for this amazing system. You'll be blown away by the fact that the grahpics are so good for a system as old as N64. If you do purchase this system, also purchase the following games: Super Smash Brothers, Diddy Kong Racing & Pokemon Stadium. Those are my favorites! Enjoy the N64, because I know I do/am.prediction:4
reviewText:This was my first system and I had great fun with it. Some of the games are amazing like Super Mario 64 and The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time. This system holds some of the most classic and most well made games. The system itself is alright. I have run into minor problems with it like games freezing or not even loading. The controls are alright, you rarely use the d-pad.prediction:4
reviewText:Things would have been drastically different if Nintendo and Sony had indeed joined forces without any fallout or drama. As the days of the Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis systems were winding down, gamers were looking ahead to the next big thing in video gaming. Sega was working on a new game console while Nintendo and Sony joined forces to bring out a new game console as well. However, at the last minute, Nintendo and Sony parted ways. Nintendo decided that the business arrangements and agreements weren't good for them and they secretly made a deal with Phillips to make another game console. Sony was so infuriated by this betrayal that they decided to enter the game console race themselves. The Sony Playstation was released to the public in the fall of 1995 and faced off against the Sega Saturn. After its deal with Phillips fell through, Nintendo released the Nintendo 64 in 1996 and for the first time, they had an uphill battle on their hands.The Nintendo 64 is a cartridge based console system that came bundled with one controller, unique because no one ever saw a three handle controller designed quite like it did doing those times. It was also built with 4 controller ports so that up to 4 players can play at the same time, thus ushering it the "multi player party" theme the N64 was associated with: games made to support up to 4 players. Though it was initially released as a black console, Nintendo released the N64 in other colors and also started bundling it with different games. Later on, they released the expansion pack, which added 4 MB of processing power for third party developers to take advantage of. Then came the rumble pack, an accessory that you plugged into your controller and gives force feedback depending on what game you played. The N64 would be the last home console Nintendo makes that uses cartridges.The PROS: The N64 is a sturdy piece of equipment. It's made of high quality and was meant to last for a very long time (I would know; I bought mine in 1997 and to this date, it STILL works.) It's very easy to snap on a cartridge or a controller so you will be playing quickly any time. Also, Nintendo's library of games is pretty impressive despite competition from the Playstation.The CONS: Like I said before, the N64 uses cartridges. The Sony Playstation and Sega Saturn both used CDs, which was able to store more data and because of its media size, it's much bigger than what a N64 cartridge could hold. It was the main reason why most developers were willing to and able to develop more games for Sony and Sega while Nintendo had limited third party support for much of its lifespan. In the end, the PS game library was more diverse since certain franchises started with Sony's system and never saw the light of day on the N64.Nintendo's battle with the Playstation showed that they made some mistakes that would cost them dearly. They weren't on top like they used to be, lost die hard fans from the NES/SNES days and finally had to acknowledge Sony as a worthy competitor in the video game world. Despite all the setbacks Nintendo were dealt with, the N64 still managed to stay in the game and be the host to great Nintendo games and excellent third party games from those developers who did show some support. If you were a fan of Nintendo, you bought a N64. If you never did, it's a worthy investment since you can pick one up and several games at bargain prices. I still have my N64 and games so I take it out every once in a while. It brought a lot of good memories and reminds me of what happened during those times and how different the video gaming world is today.prediction:4
reviewText:I have owned this system for a couple of years (I lost count) and it still works. I haven't had any problems yet and I still play it every now and then. Even though the PS2 is my favorite, N64 is still a classic.The games are very creative and alot of fun, especially Zelda (those were the days). You won't need a multitap or a memory card since it's in the game (I suppose) and there are no loading times. The controller is the only problem I have. After a couple hours of gameplay my hands get soar and hurt. Maybe it's because my hands are big. (Oh well)Overall, this is the kind of system anyone can enjoy and I highly recommend it along with the Mario games, Zelda games, James Bond games and so on. Trust me, you won't regret it!prediction:4
reviewText:This is Nintendo at its best.  By far one of the best system ever made.  It's just fun to play...  With the system only costing $25 now, you should definately get it.prediction:4
reviewText:I think most people can agree with me that this is arguably the best console of all time. The games are awesome, and still today, in 2010, I love this console more than my Xbox 360, or  my Wii. The games just never get old, and I love it. Thanks Nintendo, for making this masterpiece.prediction:4
reviewText:I really like this Console. Nintendo 64 is the best Nintendo Console they have made! I like it and everyone should have one because it's fun!prediction:4
reviewText:Best Console of its time.  Great games.  Great times.  I will never get rid of this console again.prediction:4
reviewText:Nintendo 64 is one of the coolest toys I have ever gotten. I love it! It's so fun, and you can get controllers with different colors. Another thing I like about Nintendo 64 is the fact that there is very wide variety of games. Some of the best games are Mario Party 2, Top Gear Rally 2, All Star Baseball 2001, and Mario Kart 64. I also like it because it has different types of games, like action, racing, sports, puzzles, adventure and more! I absolutely like Nintendo 64. I would recommend to anyone who wants a cool video game console!prediction:4
reviewText:Remember getting together for some 4 player 007 Goldeneye? Man those were the days. I owned an N64 and a PS1 growing up, the PS1 platform featured all the best single player RPG's out there and N64 featured the best multiplayer for it's time as well as some really awesome single player as well (Zelda). I've got to give Nintendo props, this is definitely a great system. Perhaps my grand kids will pull it out of the attic in the future and ask "What's this?" I'll just have to plug it in and show them one of the best gaming systems ever!prediction:4
reviewText:I love 64, I thought it was the best console when it came out in 1995. I still play it, even though I've got PS2. Has anyone ever played Conker's Bad Fur Day? It rocks on this console.prediction:4
reviewText:If you like to play "old games", then you need this system.  Has some of the best games ever created on it.  If you think that you won't have fun with such an old consol, think again.  I have one right next to my Xbox 360 and I play it just as much.prediction:4
reviewText:I love it.  I get to play all my old games.  I even have my granddaughter playing Donkey Kong, which she loves and she's only 4 years old.  I am so glad I kept my games and got this system.The only problem I had was that the controller that came with it didn't work very well, so I brought anothher one, and we've been playing ever since.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought this as soon as I saw it.  Its worth your money even if you own one or more of the games in this product because you'll probably spend more buying them separately.I love Might and Magic IV and V that have fun  gameply and even cooler introduction video.prediction:4
reviewText:MMVI is one of the best RPGs available.  I like it better than the flashy new ones, because it runs smoothly, the text-size is not displayed in tiny microfont, the game is long, and for many other reasons. It is not over-complicated, and it is generally very fun to play.  The story is intriguing and complex, and will keep you interested.  The dungeons and caves are surprisingly large and not easy to negotiate.  The countless enemies are very challenging to beat, and the Overworld is gigantic.prediction:4
reviewText:It is always a pleasure, especially in current era of 3D shoot'em up games, when a new adventure game in &quot;old style&quot; [2D, point-and-click interface] emerges. It is even better pleasure if it is a good adventure game. And Nightlong by Team 17 definitely belongs to this category.Your hero is named Joshua Reeve, he lives in 2099 and the game starts when he waits for a beautiful car, gets in it and goes through streets with old friend Hugh Martenson who is a governor of the Union city and currently faces some troubles. He became a target of terroristic attacks and asks Joshua for a help because he saved his life in the past and this is an opportunity for Joshua to do the same in return ...Nightlong comes on three CD full of perfect graphics, animations and music, the puzzles are on the right level of difficulty and the story pulls you in the game immediately from the beginning. If you are a fan of good adventure games, you will not regret the money you spend for buying it. I only hope that Nightlong is not the last adventure game from Team 17.prediction:4
reviewText:This game version of the popular sci-fi movie is excellent.  The graphics, music and gameplay are first rate.  As an added bonus, you can replay the game many times, as the endings vary.For fans of the film, this is a must buy.  For adventure gamers it is a game you will keep and play again and again.prediction:4
reviewText:I just got a hankering to re-install this game. Freelancer got a little stale for me and Tachyon didn't have enough to keep me playing after I beat it. So after more than two years of not playing this game, I am finding it to be incredible. The graphics are crisp, sound is incredible, controls incredibly responsive, gameplay complex enough for me, and storyline is pretty darn deep (especially for a game of this type). Plus... the game can pretty much go on forever with the FRED2 editor and there are VAST numbers of community created mods, featuring both sorte missions and full length campaigns.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is so boring, I never finished it. For one, you can't die, you just resurrect, so why even care if you get killed. Also, you can get lost and never finish a mission and not care because even if you do, nothing happens. You don't build up armor or weapons and who cares any ways because, oh right, you can't die. You also can't build up a hunting party and people you meet have no real purpose because you can go anywhere. I never figured out the importance of any of the story line.prediction:4
reviewText:The people at Black Isle made this for people that want a lot of character developement and story in their RPG's.  Well, they succeeded with flying colors.  You wake up on a mortuary table with no memories.  As the game progresses, you explore Sigil (the city that joins the planes together)and recover your memories and realize that you have some sort of curse of immortality.  On your journey to stop the cycle of dying and coming back, you meet a large assortment of very interesting NPC's that will aid you on your quest.  All of which have pretty deep, well fleshed out personalities and sometimes keep the player entertained with amusing banter with one another.  The game also has a lot of replay value since your choices during conversation and actions you take when interacting with people you meet impact the future choices you'll have.  If you're mean, you'll get a reputation and it will precede you.  The way you assign your scores also makes a big impact.  The higher your wisdom, intelegence and charisma, the more dialogue you will have to choose from.  A higher wisdome and intelegence also grants you speedier recovery of your memories.  So, playing through as a strong fighter will be very different than playing through as a highly intelegent wizard or a smooth-talking rogue.  Ultimately, probably the best RPG I've ever played.prediction:4
reviewText:Why does this game still end up getting reviews years later?  Why is it considered a must play, and retains that status years later?  Because this game is an all time classic, an amazing experience that has yet to be matched.This is an amazing work of art.  The fact that it gets the recognition it deserves years later is a testament to it's utter brilliance.  It has an amazing storyline, and some of the most beautiful dialogue I've witnessed, amazing characters, and much more.  Be careful.  It may just change you in various ways.  It's a terrific work, and will stay with you forever.  Get it now!prediction:4
reviewText:Tomb Raider 1 is my favorite game in the TR series. It had the most interesting/exciting plot, the best villians (Natla is pretty cool, and so are Larson and Pierre), and the best puzzles. Even though the graphics aren't as good as the ones nowadays, (they were excellent for 1996, though) the game is still my absolute favorite and takes the cake.prediction:4
reviewText:Age of empires 2: the age of kings is all about building a small town and defending it against the computer or a friend if you play it online.  You create the army that'll protect your village, and you can send the army to go fight the enemy.  All in all a fun and adictting game.prediction:4
reviewText:This is an incredible game. The graphics are stunning. The game play is fast paced. The stories are sweet. The Multiplay is awesome. Graphically, as you roam the land, you see deer running around, birds flying in the sky, and other creatures roaming around in the stunning environment. During scenarios, you don't hve time to mess around on alot of these as the enemy seems to find you rather quickly. Some of the battles are very intense and killing your enemy is no easy task. The stories are wonderful as you have the opportunity to play some of the greatest leaders that ever existed. Ghenghis Khan and Joan of Arc are just 2 of the 4 stories you get to play. It's like a history lesson while your playing as you learn their story and then fight their battles for them. The multiplay is awesome as far as I have seen as I have not had much time doing this. If you like real time games, this is a keeper.prediction:4
reviewText:Age of Empires II is a fun game, as well as educational. It's a lot like Pharaoh and Caesar III. You take control of different armies and conquerers, such as Ghengis Khan or Barbarossa. Though it may be difficult controlling huge armies at one time, you get use to it. Age of Empires II also has a different control interface that you need to get used to: left-click selects, right-click commands. Taunts are added to this game; they are mostly for fun. Some taunts are: &quot;Raiding party!&quot;, &quot;Nice town; I'll take it.&quot;, and &quot;It is good to be the king.&quot; Overall, Age of Empires II is a great game. I recommend it to strategy game- lovers who are quick with their mouse.prediction:4
reviewText:This is by far one of the best real-time strategy games available. The game style is superbly unique, and even shames the classic &quot;Warcraft II&quot;. The many different types of units, buildings, and technologies makes the game very interesting for a long period of time, and the difficulty of the missions makes this a game that will remain on your hard drive for at least several months are you purchase it. Even the experienced gamer will find &quot;Age of Empires II&quot; difficult, and the newbie will probably be at it for quite some time. I played most of the missions on the &quot;easiest&quot; setting, and they were still quite challenging and addictive.You have several various options within the game. First, you can play tour of duty campaigns in which you play as various civilizations (The Celts and Franks to name a few) against different kind of enemies. These missions are generally the most difficult part of the game, and most have you at them for hours before you finally come out the victor. The other two sections of the game are multiplayer (which you can play over a network or on the internet) and custom campaigns which let you play against the computer in a multiplayer style gaming environment. In this type of game, you get to pick any one of the 14 different civilizations to be, all of which have unique strengths and weaknesses. It's quite fun to go through each civilization researching new weapons and upgrades to see which fits you the best.Even though &quot;Age of Empires II&quot; is beginning to be dated, the game is still excellent and worth the money. This will be one to go down as a &quot;classic&quot;, very similar to &quot;Warcraft II&quot;. A definite buy.prediction:4
reviewText:'Age of Empires II' has been named on many many PC top ten lists, and for good reason too!  Simply put, this is just an amazingly fun and interesting game.  'Age of Empires II' will take your breath away, it's a must own for any PC gamer, or even someone who's never played a computer game!  Anyone will love this.There are many levels of difficulty, which is excellent.  Once you master one level or strategy, you can change the settings (and certain characteristics in the game, such as what type of terrain you get, which makes all the difference).  You must manage any one of thirteen civilizations, ranging from the Turks to the Vikings.  Each civilization has it's own unique benefits and drawbacks and their own style of buildings and armies.  You collect natural resources, advance through ages by meeting requirments in your stockpiles, create workers, explore, conquer, build an army, make allies, engage in trade and battle, and so much more!  The graphics are some of the best I've seen in a strategy game and always keep you involved with the game.You can also choose certain types of games.  A campaign game involves a certain sort of goal (like escorting Joan of Arc to the king).  Their is a death match game, where you duke it out with other empires, and so much more.  There is a delightful training game which involves the famous William Wallace teaching you the basics of the game, I found this to be extremely helpful.prediction:4
reviewText:For any of you history buffs out there this is the game for you.  Not only is the the gameplay easy to follow and understand the visuals and sounds are great.  The campaign modes are actually fun to play!  Whats up with that?  The game is real easy to pick up and the many different difficulty settings alows you to get better slowly not get frustrated and bite you mouse in half.prediction:4
reviewText:Age of Empires II has a particular strength: its &quot;standard game.&quot; A number of variables may be set by the user or left to random selection (such as nationality and geography). This provides a nearly limitless combination of foes, allies, and landscapes on which to play. Each of the approximately 15 nationalities has unique abilities - imagine Starcraft with 15 alien races instead of 3. Turtling is limited by the trebuchet - a huge catapult - and cannons. If you get the game you will want the expansion as it allows more automated farming and provides new races such as the Aztec. MS is on the right track with this very impressive game.prediction:4
reviewText:There are times in the gaming industry that a certain game will come along and reshape the way we think about how that genre is played. StarCraft did this for RTS. And AOE II expanded on the trusted design of that and made a game that is historically accurate, fun to play, completely balanced, and free of bugs (which is all-too-common in games today).You can choose one of 13 civilizations to play in a skirmish. Or you can play King of the Hill. Or you can play Fortress. Or you can play...I think you get the point. There are tons of options for single player game play. And the historically accurate missions follow the lives, trials and battles of William Wallace, Joan of Arc, Ghengas Khan, Barbarosa, and Saladin. While these campaigns are somewhat static and &quot;rail,&quot; they are engrossing and interesting.All 13 civilzations are wonderfully balanced. Unique units for each are an especially nice touch. And the ages that you advance through provide a new element of strategy (for instance, you will never even consider attacking with the Turks in the early stages because of their advantange in the later stages; likewise, the Britons and Persians are ideal for a quick win because of their advantages in earlier ages. Once you advance with them, you'll find that they don't have the &quot;strength&quot; needed to pull ahead, though I have devised numerous strategies for the Britions that will allow victory in the late ages).Overall, one of the best games ever. You are without excuse to not own this game. Even non-RTS fans will enjoy it.prediction:4
reviewText:The first Age of Empires was a critical and consumer success, gaining rave reviews and selling over 2 million copies. The first was a success because of the blend of strategy action and historical charcters. The sequel, The Age of Kings, expands on this winning formula, and in doing so, creates the  best real time strategy game avaliable on the market. The game focuses on  13 major empires, such as the Persians, Vikings and Japanese. As head of  one of these 13 kingdoms, you must defeat your enemies to gain rulership  over all the land. This is very fun, being that each race is varried and  has different strengths and weaknesses. It is also fun, because each one  has a different look to them, the Japanese buildings look much different  than the Vikings. The real fun of the game starts when you play the preset  historical scenerios. You take control of such historical figures as Joan  of Arc, Genghis Khan and William Wallace (ie Braveheart). These are all  historically accurate and can help you learn a great deal about the time  period. There also is an excellant multiplayer game, featuring the usual  deathmatch games, as well as a regicide game, which gives each team a king,  and the first one to destory each others king. All of these features add up  to the best RTS game on the market for the money. The guide for the game,  is also a great value, it retails at 20 dollars and gives you all you would  need to know about the game, without spoiling it.  All and all, this  is the best game you can buy, and you will enjoy it for a long, long time.prediction:4
reviewText:In Age of Empires: the Age of Kings, you can control one of 13 different civilizations including the English, Mongols, Chinese, Japanese, Byzantines, and many more. Age of Empires 2 is not your typical RTS. Unlike WarCraft and StarCraft, AOE2 requires more thinking on your part rather than creating an army of soldiers and storming the enemy base. That doesn't cut it in AOE2. You actually have to think in order to outsmart the computer (oh my gosh, some of you mindless people actually have to use your so called brains). In regards to AOE2 and the major change I had to go through from playing WarCraft and StarCraft, was the fact that I had to learn how to multitask my characters. In WarCraft and StarCraft the only resources you can gather are either two or three resources. In AOE2 you must gather food, wood, gold, and stone in order to keep your civilization alive. Also the many different upgrades and research items in AOE2 was a big change from WarCraft and StarCraft. In an overall rating, AOE2 outperforms WarCraft and StarCraft by a considerable amount and is 10x more fun and challenging. And your also learning a bit about history as you play (it doesn't get any better than that).Bottom Line: Age of Empires: the Age of Kings is loads of fun. Get it! You won't be dissappointed.prediction:4
reviewText:Before I tried this game, I never liked strategy games. Now strategy is my favorite genre and Age of Kings is my favorite game. This game has been on my computer longer than any other game, ever. Age of Kings puts you in the throne of a king, there are just so many different things you can do, exploring all its features will take you months! This game is easy to learn and anyone can master it. Five stars no doubt!prediction:4
reviewText:Maybe the best RPG of all time (Final Fantasy VI, or III USA) and its Japanese predecessor (Final Fantasy V, previously unreleased) combine to make a great set of games. Hours of pure entertainment!prediction:4
reviewText:Great transfers make for a fantastic collection of two of the best Final Fantasy Games. This is a must have for any collector.prediction:4
reviewText:This game was stellar for it's release time, and is still fun with a solid soundtrack and presentation. Graphically it is showing it's age however, and the control scheme is different from most FPS configurations and will take a bit to get used to. There are some interaction issues with objects in the environment (getting hung up on invisible objects, clipping into walls and trying to find the way out) that happened 4-5 times throughout the game.It's interesting to see things that have become standard fare in FPS games done here much earlier.prediction:4
reviewText:Ok everybody this is the first serious WW2 game to come along, and it captivated America. From the scenes straight from saving private ryan to the sound that was almost erie this is an all around game.I personally own this game and can truly testify to the graphics, and personna that make up Medal of Honor. This game takes you beyond what you would expect from an aversge game, it takes you to the inner workings of the German war machine. You personally try to dismantle the nazis and try for the right of the Medal of Honor.prediction:4
reviewText:EA has finally made a action/adventure game worth playing for the PS.In this game you will come across many different types of enemy soldiers through its 7 missions and 24 levals. There will be Wehrmacht light infantry, Gestopo police, snipers, and much more. The missions are well done and provide a felling that your watching a old WW2 film. The missions range from sobotageing a deadly U-boat to destroying a rail gun. The missions never get boreing and always are challengeing. The graphics are the best your going to get on the PS and the replay valu is much greater than that of the 007 games and most other shoot 'em up games.This game is great and is worth buying for the PS.prediction:4
reviewText:In this game Putt-Putt has to reunite the baby animals with their parents in the new Car Town zoo.  It helps develop problem solving skills.  It is also entertaining.  I enjoyed playing it with my daughter.  If fact, she had played alot of it on her own so she showed me how to play it.  A children's game is well written when a 5 year old can start it, play it and then expain it to an adult without a problem.  Hats off to Humongous Entertainment.prediction:4
reviewText:This was the first childrens software I bought for mykids. They loved it! I must admit, I love it also. This is anexcellent interactive game. Now my 3 year old is addicted to all of Putt Putt and Freddi Fish games. He especially loves the songs that are everywhere in the game.You must see this game to experience it. Children love the bright colors and great sounds. There are differences in the game each time it is played.  My 5 and 6 year old occasionally play along with my 3 year old.  I recommend this software to anyone with children. The price that Amazon is selling it for is Excellent. You will not regret it, and your children will thank you!prediction:4
reviewText:My daughter loves this game. She started toying around with it around age 4, and still plays it at age six. A good starter adventure game for the young child you want to expose to your home computer, and a good learning tool.prediction:4
reviewText:I love this game. if you ask me its the best game for GBC. i love itIts sooooooooo awsome!!!!!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:When the Game Boy was released in 1989, fans everywhere went to buy it in droves and along came some very good games for the handheld system. And hot off the success of the NES Mario games, Nintendo released Super Mario Land soon after and it sold very well. While the game itself is short compared to the NES games, Mario's first SMB inspired game was still good enough to pick up and play.Super Mario Land took the same game play mechanics of Super Mario Bros for the NES, added a few familiar enemies while bringing in new ones, changed some power ups and introduced a new princess to rescue. As Mario, you stomp on enemies, collect power ups and coins through 4 worlds each with 4 levels. To switch things up, you control an airplane and a submarine on a few stages and this time Bowser isn't the main villain you're after.The PROS: It was a dream come true for many Game Boy owners: the chance to play a portable Mario game and it was good too. For its time, the graphics and sounds were what you expected in a Mario game while the music was in a class all its own. The fact that it was similar to Super Mario Bros yet it had its own feel was different and that was a good thing.The CONS: While the game was good, you can't help to think that just when you were getting into the game, it's over. It was because it was super short compared to Super Mario Bros. And just like the NES game, you had to beat the game in one shot without any password system or battery backed save progress to mark your progress.Despite its flaw, the game had a charm all its own and featured Nintendo's famous mascot at the time. It was a good game and you could have taken it everywhere with you. It's definitely brought me some fond memories and if you get the chance to play it and you haven't played it before, you won't regret it.prediction:4
reviewText:Game was in good shape, and it made my son very happy, when he received it. It was over all a good experience. Thank Youprediction:4
reviewText:I still remember that I bought this game along with the GameBoy when they were released in 1989 when I was still a teenager. It has everything a Mario fan could expect! Graphics are very similar to Super Mario Bro. for the NES as well as the gameplay and no saving feature! In addition, there are some new elements like divided road at the end of a stage and could ride an airplane in the sky or a submarine in the deep ocean. That's is why this game is one of my favorites of all time!prediction:4
reviewText:Definitely an improvement from the first one. You'll enjoy this game as much as I have. I own this because I saw it at a retro game shot and I decided to buy it because I've always wanted to play ninja turtles on a game boy(which I also bought the same day, which happens to be the original model, a collector's item for sure).  I now own all three TMNT games. Highly recommended for any Ninja Turtles fan.prediction:4
reviewText:Years before Michael Bay's would-be catastrophe came along, turtles ruled the world.  They ran all the industries that mattered; comics, TV, movies and games, like this one.Based on the 90's cartoon show, the objective of this Game Boy title is simple: Rescue April O'Neil from the Foot Clan using one of the four Turtles.  With 3 basic attacks at your disposal, you fight your way through 5 level filled with ninjas, robots and floating boxes of pizza to replenish your health.  Though enough grunts are thrown in to increase the challenge, you can beat the end bosses wearing your ninja mask backwards.  On the off-chance you do use up our heroes, the game ends.Besides changing the limited control scheme to one's own taste, the player also has the option to choose whichever stage he wants.  So you can either play through the whole thing and get the full cowabunga experience, or skip all the way to the end for near-instant gratification.  Kinda defeats the purpose, doesn't it?Like any 9-year-old, I was obsessed with owning a copy while I could still go out and buy one.  Now that I've tried it after seeing the best that 21st-century gaming has to offer, Mom's cooking doesn't taste as good anymore.This game is unrated.prediction:4
reviewText:While the game's illustration cover resembles more like the dark Mirage comics (Darker foot soldiers, turtles' over-sized headbands, serious looks and lack of pupils), the actual game is taken straight out of the kid friendly cartoon series (from the late 80s/early 90s) and thats usually the format of almost every Ninja Turtle game ported into Nintendo and this release was no exception.  Even on hard mode, the game is very simple and short.  With the turtle of your choice, you plow your way through several foot soliders, mousers, and roadkill rodney robots plus avoid a few obsticles while you make your way to the Technodrome and Krang and save your friend, April O'Neal. Unlke the TMNT games on the larger consoles, there are only five levels and five bosses (Rocksteady, Bebop, Baxter Stockman, Shredder, and Krang) so my only gripe was not providing a few more levels thus not adding a little more of a challenge to the game.  Because of the game's success, Gameboy allowed Konami to make a sequel with a bigger challenge and more levels/bosses (TMNT II: Back From The Sewers).  Other than the limited challenge (probally to target younger kids while the game's cover art is targeting older kids) its a fun adventure fun and slash game that great for all ages and its timeless.  Grab your gameboy, this game, and a pizza and rock on!!prediction:4
reviewText:Comix zone is a game I played in my childhood and always had a fairly difficult time with. It is a beat em up side scroll-er that rewards moves based on tactics and not just brute force. The challenge can be unfair when it comes to obstacles more often then not as opposed to enemies which you generally have a tough time with if you are not strong enough to face them. If you like Genesis games this is one to own.prediction:4
reviewText:Many movie-based games frankly..are horrible. They're churned out by companies looking to make the dead line of the release of the movie, or shortly before. This game, however, features nice character design and movement. Stunning backgrounds, and hours of fun game play. Gotta luv it!prediction:4
reviewText:Missed this so much, i love it because it is based on the real story! Not only that, it is fun to play just for hours on end! Recommend this to anyone who likes Sega....prediction:4
reviewText:One of the best retro games EVER!!Very polished and FUN!!SHINOBI!!!also, check out Shinobi on Xbox live Arcade.......prediction:4
reviewText:Now you have Tails on your side to combat that evil Dr. Robotnic! This game has better graphics, a new feature (the charge-up spin) multiplayer, and fun levels! A great addition to any Genesis library!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is so much fun!  There are so many levels and they are all different.  After 2 levels you have to fight the boss: Dr. Robatnik.  The levels have there own unique enemy animals and bugs, all of which are killed by different methods.  You can power up and zip across the levels as you roll at lightning speeds.  There are bumpers and loop-de-loops scattered all across the levels.  This is a definite buy for owners of Genesis.  It is worth the [$$$].  You must buy!prediction:4
reviewText:The Sonic titles for the Sega Genesis were some of the best in the entire franchise, and this game certainly is no exception. One thing I really liked about this game was bonus levels you could unlock after getting 50 rings. Winning these bonus levels and getting the Chaos Emeralds was so worth it because of what you could do once you got all of them (Become Super Sonic)I actually liked this game better playing as Knuckles. For one, I got to keep my rings after playing the bonus levels, and Knuckles' gliding ability added an awesome new dimension to the game. My favorite level out of all of them had to be the Casino Level, hands-down. I loved playing the slot machines and getting as many rings as I could (making for more points and longer tenures as Super Sonic or Hyper Knuckles). Overall, all the levels within this game are fun and diverse, with plenty to please the eye.prediction:4
reviewText:Of all the Sonic games,this is the one that will always be my favorite.While this one kept the elements of Sonic the Hedgehog,it also improved on it.Of course,it also introduced everyone's favorite flying fox,Miles Prower AKA Tails.The story is fun.Dr.Robotnik is kidnapping animals again,while on a search for the Chaos Emeralds so he can activate his ultimate weapon,the Death Egg!Sonic is on a quest to stop him,accompanied by his new friend Tails.The zones are BIG!My definate favorite is Metropolis Zone.The music is great,definately better than the first Sonic game.The best new addition is the Spin Dash.You should definately get this game for your Genesis!You will love it.prediction:4
reviewText:One of the best games ever created for this franchise.  The animations are smooth, the game play is exceptionally good, and there is a fantastic character roster and level design.  There is a good balance of easy and hard stages.prediction:4
reviewText:First of all, you might to need to know, this game is made by Rare, the same people, that made the awesome Donkey Kong Country series, for the Super Nintendo.  This game is one for Puzzle lovers.  In order, to get the much needed &quot;Golden Bannanas&quot; that unlock new levels, you must solve many hard puzzles!  And, your'll need to Master the skill, of changing from one monkey to another, early on, since your'll need to use it a lot. If you have, Banjo tooie, Super Mario 64, or other games, of that type, and you like them, your'll Most likely like Donkey Kong 64, too.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought Donkey Kong 64 for my nephews birthday. I owned and played this game when I was little. This is the game that really got Donkey Kong going and recognized. The levels in the game are great and you get to tag along with Diddy Kong in certain levels. I love the classic game and I recommend the game to anyone who likes Donkey Kong.prediction:4
reviewText:I love this amazing game, it was the last Donkey Kong adventure before taking a break. I strongly recommend this.prediction:4
reviewText:My mom bought this for me for my birthday when I was turning 10. It comes with the only Donkey Kong 64 which is probably the biggest platform game of Nintendo 64. It has great graphics and the music matches each world perfectly. I love how you have to use each of the 5 characters to beat the level instead of just picking your favorite. Each character brings different strengths to the table and have different weapons, moves, and instruments. The boss battles are clever and creative and the final battle against King K. Rool is one of the best in all of video games.prediction:4
reviewText:Overall, DK64 is a great game. It's a blast and will have you playing for hours on end. With different levels including Aztecs, Caverns, Castles, Forests, and of course, a jungle, and five different playable characters each with their own abilities and golden bananas (similar to stars in Super Mario 64) to collect, you would think Donkey Kong 64 would never get old. And it won't. For a while.The plot goes something like this - King K. Rool has another scheme. He's taken all of Donkey Kong's precious golden bananas and kidnapped all his friends. You'll have to navigate through a series of levels, rescuing different characters in each of them, unlocking golden bananas as you go, to eventually reach the final stage. Each level has its own boss which are usually the best part of the level. To reach the boss, you'll have to collect a certain number of regular bananas (scattered throughout the level, different from golden bananas). A certain number of golden bananas unlocks a new level. If you ever want to complete the game, you'll have to rescue all of Donkey's companions. Diddy, Tiny, Lanky, and Chunky Kong all await you in the first three levels. Meanwhile, you buy instruments from Candy, potions from Cranky, and Weapons from Funky. All these can be upgraded. The things you buy, especially Cranky's potions, will give you abilities that are essential to collecting all the golden bananas. There are also various barrel mini games that you must complete in order to finally get the banana.Donkey Kong has graphics and gameplay very similar to Banjo Kazooie/Tooie. So, those who liked those two games will love DK64. Also, fans of the Donkey Kong franchise will not be let down. Donkey Kong 64 is addictive and you'll always love exploring the new environments the game places you in. There's always aspects to the level that are unique and also crucial to getting golden bananas (For example, in the forest level, there is a giant clock that switches the game between day and night. Some bananas can only be reached at certain times of the day.). The degrees of difficulty for getting the bananas range from stupidly easy to impossible. Many, however, are just pure fun. Overall, DK64 is a very enjoyable game and good for all ages.A certain degree of frustration does come with the game, however. Some golden bananas are impossible to get you do absolutely everything right. You'll do lots of falling and retrying (especially in the factory level) to reach some. Another irk is that you must get two coins in order to advance to the final boss stages. You must beat the original Donkey Kong and Jetpak. The problem is, no matter what, I could not beat the original Donkey Kong, which prevented me from beating the game. I spent so many wasted hours trying to beat that stupid game. Last, this game requires an expansion pack. Nowadays, expansion packs are hard to come by and cost about $20, which is probably five times more than the actual game will cost you.Other than that, Donkey Kong 64 is great fun. Even if you don't manage to get through the whole game, it is a very worthwhile title and surely a great value, especially now. You won't be disappointed with Donkey Kong 64, unless of course you're currently enrolled in an anger management class.prediction:4
reviewText:Donkey Kong is one of the best adventure games on N64. As the game proceeds you unlock different kongs. My favorite is Tiny!! The levels and areas are complete and fully developed. It's not one of those games where you can finish it in a day, it takes months and months. I haven't even completed it! I think this is a great game for kids and teens, they'll enjoy long hours of fun and enjoyment. The graphics are very good too. I highly recomend it..!!prediction:4
reviewText:I love this game, i rented it a long time ago and have been searching to purchase it for 2 years FINALLY i found it. For the price of only $39.99 This is one of the most RARE Nintendo 64 games EVER, nobody i know has it. I even heard bad reviews about it.WELL those peole dont understand EXCELLENT GAMES when they see one. TREAT yourself and Buy MYSTICAL NINJA STARRING GOEMON (trust me you WONT regret it!)prediction:4
reviewText:Shadows of the Empire was my first game when I bought the N64. At the time, it was the software that definately showed off what the N64 hardware could do the most. It was also the very first Star Wars game to have a realistic level devoted to the famous Hoth scene from Empire Strikes Back. Allowing you to participate in the backstory of this great film, the game is filled with a variety of different gamestyles (from 3rd person adventure, to racing through the streets of mos Eisley, to blasting enemy ships in space) As part of the Shadows of the Empire multimedia blitz (the story continued in both novel, comic and CD soundtrack form) the game also stands as Star Wars continuity and is an integral part to the Expanded Universe. A classic game, definately pick it up if you see it.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a classic to keep around. It is all about the real men of outer space. It made my childhood ever so complete. Rent it out.prediction:4
reviewText:These Yoshis are so cute. You pick what color Yoshi you want and then go through different levels eating fruits and avoiding dangers. I thought at first all there was to it was to eat 30 fruits and the level is over, not much of a challenge, then I realized you get more points according to what you eat... and the game saves your points automatically, with your name, so my son and I competed to get the best score, both on the entire story mode and on the trial page. Every level you complete ends up as a &quot;sticker&quot; on the trial page, so you can go straight to your favorite level if you like and try to beat the best score.prediction:4
reviewText:I am going to agree with every poster who said this game is really easy.I also want to say however that this game looks great and is a lot of fun I just think the downloadable version on the Nintendo Wii looks the best.The game's graphics look absolutely refurbished and redone on the Wii making it look more like a 128 bit game then a 64 bit one. The gameplay is really simplistic once you realize all you have to do in about every level is just eat enough fruit to pass the stage. Like Yoshi's Island before it the challenge isn't in passing each level it's getting a perfect high score. That said, this game may not appeal to Mario purists simply because Mario isn't a playable charachter and the gameplay is  a lot easier than pretty much every Mario game.Once you beat the game there really isn't much to keep you playing it over and over again other than the beautiful graphics. So I rate the graphics a 10 out of 10(10 being the best), the fun 5 out of 10 and the challenge a measly 3 out of 10.prediction:4
reviewText:I love this game. Mortal Kombat has always been one of my favorite games and the chance to play it on this system was great.prediction:4
reviewText:I loved this game as a kid, so when I had the chance to get it later in life, I just had to.  Classic Bond shoot em up.prediction:4
reviewText:Perfect dark is , well, perfect! The graphics are some of the best I've seen on the N64. And with 44 different guns (coun't em'!), it's no wonder how it came to be on top ( or, at least close). And if each gun has a second ability, you could tally the guns at 88, since each gun has two modes. I love the simulents and how, with them, you can do one-player single-player, and I've never really been able to do that (I used to have to plug in the second player controller and beat somebody just standing there, not a actul person). This is a great game. So stop looking at your computer screen, and BUY IT!prediction:4
reviewText:The best fsg in the world. Lots of missions on different difficulties will make you play this game over and over. Multiplayer is way more advanced than goldeneye which makes it easier to setup and more extras for multiplayer to. So go buy this game it is a must.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is just plain awesome, in every aspect imaginable. Many characters, options, stages, weapons, game scenarios, and single player modes are abound. The near-infinite replay value alone means that this game deserves five stars.The only problems I noticed were a sometimes-picky framerate and some poor multiplayer stage designs.The graphics are definitely impressive. The control scheme works perfectly. I also found the story to be fairly impressive. Tremendous improvements over Goldeneye in Perfect Dark are obvious. The addition of simulants and a Challenge Mode add exponentially to the replay value. The difficulty levels vary greatly, which increases the potential audience greatly.The indescribable amount of options, weapons, etc. is, by itself, reason to give this game five stars. The great graphics, sound, and control also highlight the games abundance of features. A recommended buy for any fan of the shooter genre.prediction:4
reviewText:James Bond sucks compared to Agent Dark! She's the best spy in the world! This game is so hot that it would literally take you about an hour to read my review! The missions, multiplayer, and challenges are awesome! I haven't beaten the game and I have about 50 weapons already! There are about 50 characters to choose from! YOU MUST GET THIS GAME OR I WILL COME TO YOUR HOUSE WITH AGENT DARK AND SHOOT YOU IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT!prediction:4
reviewText:It is really great to call your friends to play a multiplayer game. Perfect Dark really deserves the title of the best multiplayer game for the N64.The graphics are amazing, specially using the Expansion Pack that is required to access most of the game's features. Sound quality is remarkable. From dialouges to weapon realoading sound effects, everything is very well reproduced.The only problem that this game has are the slowdowns. If you want to play with 3 other friends and some AI with Hi-Res you'll have some problems. The solution? Turn off Hi-Res and have fun!prediction:4
reviewText:You have to get this game!!!!!Let me tell you how it works:-play as secret agent Joanna Dark-up to four players can play in a deathmatch-there is coopreative campaign, which is excellent-Graphics are so amazing, it looks like you are really killing real people-blood animations are excellent, 'cause blood splatters all over the walls, floors, and ceilings!!!-The sound sounds like you are firing real weapons, and the guys scream in pain and agony when they die-Lots of levels, and then four secret levels-Levels are large, and give you room to exploreHere is a list of weapons:-Falcon 2-Falcon 2 Scope(Sniper pistol)-Falcon 2 Silencer-phoenix(laser)-callisto NTG(machine gun laser)-Grenade(proximity pinball, or 4 second fuse)I CAN'T NAME ALL OF THEM, BECAUSE THERE IS OVER 100 WEAPONS, FOR REAL!!!!!!!!This Game Requires some sort of expansion pack to play on campaign mode.BUY THE GAME!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Great DOOM game, a new look at the classic shooter with lots of new suprizes.  The new set of levels are cool, the monsters are great as always with cool new looks, there are great new effects that add to the creepiness of the greatest shooting series ever such as fog.  The new weapons like the double chainsaw are great, the music is very good, which always shines in doom games and over all very well done.prediction:4
reviewText:Rareware set out to conquer Mario's hold on the Kart genre and they did it in some truly epic ways. It's not just the number of colorful tracks with unique challenges, it's that they make a racing game out of every element to this adorable adventure. Control is smooth and tracks aren't too difficult, and you can play as any number of familiar Rare characters, some of which you won't ever see together again now that Microsoft owns the developer, and the music and sound are superb.  While Mariokart 8 is tearing up Wii U homes this summer, it's nice to have this one in the background in case I want that old school feel behind the wheel.prediction:4
reviewText:Pull up your pants and staple your mullet to the back of your neck because things are about to get EXCITING! Knock your socks off 3D graphics combined with intense and realistic sounds makes Excitebike 64 is one of the best titles for the Nintendo 64!16 years had passed since there was an official sequel to the original NES game Excitebike. Fans of the original game rejoiced as they got to experience the sweet taste of the speed and power that Excitebike 64 had to offer. And if I remember correctly the game featured real-life dirt bike brands (which in the end made the game feel more realistic).Excitebike 64 was head and shoulders above the rest when it came to other motor bike games released around the same time.Don't be a doofus - pick up this game and make your nerd friends jealous.prediction:4
reviewText:For a game that was released in '96, those graphics are pretty [darn] good. The physics are real, and the control is tight, making it feel like you're actually racing a jet ski. Best race of all-time, until it's sequel comes  out on the Dolphin system.prediction:4
reviewText:The first N64 game I ever owned. It was way ahead of its time. Still the best water sports game I've ever played, and one of the few I've ever even heard of. A game that is an absolute blast, and something that all people who still get out the n64 here and there should have. It definately brings back great memories and is still a blast.prediction:4
reviewText:i have'nt had this much fun since i played dragon's lair or enjoy watching my brother this game. it made me shake &amp; laugh ,have'nt done that for a while, plus i was rooting for andy too win just like dirk the daring. so if you're a fan of dragon's lair , space ace , brain dead 13 then you'll love this one. for the arcade kid in all of us . highly recommended!!  P.S. kids under five may have nightmares so be careful . good buy for money. it's a two disc, so it's long good luck with it.prediction:4
reviewText:SaGa Frontier is an essential part of any gamer's collection. With 7 different characters/full storylines the replay value is stellar. Find out how fates intertwine with this PS1 classic.prediction:4
reviewText:Graphics: 7/10 - Neat character creations and fantastic hard guns make up for the occasional sense of effortlessness in the graphics.Sound: 9/10 - Great guns fire away with heart-pounding brilliance in sound and editing!Value: 10/10 - With fun games like Duke Nukem: Time to Kill, you can't get enough. It's worth the money you pay for it because it's fabulously entertaining and will keep you glued to the screen for ages!Overall: 8/10 - Dirty, sexy, hilarious, neat, action-packed, thrilling, fun...it would take another few reviews to put all the adjectives that describe this game. Just play it and see for yourself! Not recommended for people under 16 years of age.prediction:4
reviewText:Einhander has got to be the best looking shooter available on the Playstation.  It's full of colorful and detailed backrounds, the enemies are imaginatively constructed, and there's a nice variety of weapons.  The gameplay is similar to side scrolling shooters of the past, with a couple of new features...like the ability to choose your ship and being able to change your weapon configuration on the fly.  Einhander will keep even the most experienced of gamers on their toes with long and difficult levels.  The only feature that keeps Einhander from perfection is the lack of a 2 player mode. Shooters have alot more replay value when they have a multiplayer option.  Still, Einhander is a great game...and since it's now available at a low price, there's no reason not to get it.prediction:4
reviewText:Hands down, the best side scrolling shooter ever.  I still play this on my PS2.  You know a game is a classic when no stores can get it and people are selling it used for $....prediction:4
reviewText:you'll play this game for hours and always find something new this game is very cool and you won't be sorry to play it their are multiple endings and it is fun to just exploreprediction:4
reviewText:The Sega Saturn as we all know did not have the greatest game library in the world.  Even smaller was its collection of exclusive games with most being ported to PS1.  Astal is a gem being one of the few games to be Saturn exclusive and never having been ported to new systems.  This game is an amazing adventure filled with beautiful hand drawn graphics, a one of a kind sound track, a full anime opening, and a story filled with love, disappointment, and redemption.  For those of you out there looking for an amazing Saturn game this is it.prediction:4
reviewText:Now listen, when I was 8 years old, this was my absolute favorite game at the time.I wrote about it for schoolwork, projects, and homework.  (So then my teacher knew all about it, haha.)  I wrote about it in my journal.  I played it all the time.  His voice is stuck in my head for life, and it was an amazing experience.  The videos in the game are wonderful, and the action, characters, and graphics suck you in.  I remember it as being THE best experience one could find on a SEGA system at the time.  If only they had also ported Princess Crown....This is a wonderfully made game.  It's full of whimsy, fun, and beauty.The Saturn was so under-appreciated in North America....prediction:4
reviewText:This game is one of the most beautifully crafted games I have ever seen.  The controls are very natural and comfortable.  The graphics are outstanding. The plot is entertaining.  Sure to delight anyone who owns a saturn, a definate must buy.  Loads and loads of nonstop fun.  (Untill you turn it off...)prediction:4
reviewText:NiGHTS Into Dreams is a game that is both nostalgic and amazing to this day. The music, the gameplay and graphics all bring back tears of joy because games like this just aren't made anymore. However, even though it may be a nostalgic trip down memory lane, NiGHTS Into Dreams still holds up entirely.Flying through the beautiful levels in NiGHTS Into Dreams is a sheer joy, even though they may look pixelated in this day & age. The gameplay holds up so well.Everything about NiGHTS Into Dreams screams "CLASSIC!" This is a game you play and never forget.prediction:4
reviewText:Like shmups?  Don't want to jump through hoops to play import games?  This is the game for you.  Galactic Attack has great graphics, and solid gameplay to back it up.Galactic Attack, also known as Rayforce, Gunlock, or Layer Section depending on which region you're in, is a vertically scrolling shmup.  In addition to normal shot, you can lock on to enemies in the background using an on-screen cross hair.  Using the lock shot is also tied into the scoring system, as waiting to lock on to multiple targets increases a multiplier.Each level leads directly into the next, from outer space to breaking planetary atmosphere to descending into the depths of the underworld.  This makes the game feel like a journey, instead of the random level structure found in many shmups.  Levels also incorporate the lock shot well, allowing you to damage and collapse structures in spectacular displays of firepower.  From a design standpoint, Galactic Attack was really well thought out.This is also one of the least expensive "must get" games you'll find on the Saturn.  Don't miss this game!prediction:4
reviewText:Galactic attack for the sega saturn..is a intense, hardcore shooter that delivers the goods!the graphics are stunning and crisp.  the controls are smooth as silk  whats there not to like? ...get ready to spend some time with aching fingers with this one..its that good!with games like this is proves that the sega saturn was and still is an amazing systemprediction:4
reviewText:This is an amazing game. It was awesome to relive my childhood memories. This game is in excellent condition. Thank you!prediction:4
reviewText:took me forever to find this game in good condition and it immediately brought back childhood memories the first time i put it in the console. I forgot how hard this game was, I never beat it as a 6 year old and i still cant beat it as a 21 year old. Grab a friend and co-op till ya drop! Thanks!prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the best rpg/adventure i have ever played , a link to the past is long, full of surprises, the difficulty is medium ( my favorite) and after you play you always get some urge to play it again many, many times.prediction:4
reviewText:Great game I owned it once now buying back retro games for my kids to enjoy! Brings back lots of fun memories. Favorite Zeldaprediction:4
reviewText:This a great game for you, who likes to solve medium problems, loves to talk with interesting creatures and beat evil lurks! This Zelda was one of the first adventure/role games I played trough. It lasted a long time until I finally met Ganon himself and I got the Trio force back. I have many reasons to recommand this fantastic game.1. Imagine yourself sleeping in your own house in rainy night... Suddenly, you hear your uncle's voice that wants you to come King's castle because some evil enemies are there. You wake up and dress your clothes. It's time to find out what is going on. Later, you find your uncle who is just dying because a bad Afgahnim strikes him deadly. He gives you his sword and hopes that you can beat the evil Afgahnim. And this little story was only beginning. I think that Zelda's storywriters have an unbelievable imagination! 2. Music makes this game enjoyable and comfortable to play because it sounds so good. Especially, the melody of the castle boss has written so exciting that you really make fighting a fine situation. 3. Game characters and creatures are made with good taste and personal way. You can meet Zora's water human, centauries, pig soldiers, witches, crystal maidens, talking woods and so on 4. Problem solving is a major challenge. This is not game that last only few hours because there so many difficult problems to solve. Use you brain and try to find answers without guidelines. Don't get angry if you don't find to answer immediately. Ask your role-play friends to help because they will advice you. 5. Items you collect are variable. Bow, hook shoot, shovel, bombs Are very valuable to you if you want to survive all enemies, castles and challenges. If you play this classic game, you'll know, why this one of the best games in the world Entertainment is guaranteedprediction:4
reviewText:One of my favorite games as a child, and still one of my favorites as a grown man. Game will never get old. Shipping was quick, product looks good, and plays well.prediction:4
reviewText:I cannot think of anything the makers of this game could have done to make it any better.  Playing this was exciting from the beginning to the end. There is a huge world to explore with fun side quests, and many people to talk with. I loved all the different unique areas to explore, and to find out where I could go to next with my new abilities. The game surprised me many times with its fresh new look and being able to do so much, and the puzzles were not so frustrating to loose the fun out of it. This game will always be near and dear to me, I loved playing this game, and it will always be one of my favorite games.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the best in the Zelda series. Great music, level design, and game play. If you liked any of the GB zelda games you'll like this and if you are just getting into Zelda this is a must play.prediction:4
reviewText:What can I say about A Link to the Past that hasn't already been said? You get to explore that world as you choose, opening up more areas to explore as you clear dungeons and find upgrades. Once you have beaten all dungeons in the first world, the Golden Land opens, a shadowy counter part to the normal world. Once you gain the ability to flip between the two worlds as you choose you gain access to even more secret locations and areas to explore. This game features more dungeons than any other Zelda game, and a large repertoire of weapons and gadgets give you plenty of options for combat and terrain traversal.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is a lot of fun even though many levels are a bit easy. Yoshi rules and finding all of the secrets give it a new twist from SM3.prediction:4
reviewText:Great games for the ages! I am getting my kids into retro games. They enjoy playing Mario on the retro system!prediction:4
reviewText:This was one of the first video games I ever got and now even though I have PS2 and Gamecube I still go back and play it over and over again.  I mean, nintendo couldn't have made it better.  There are tons of power-ups, secret levels, and different colored yosiis each with their own special powers.  In my mind the super nes version is much better than the GBA because you have to earn the right to save and it isn't a piece of cake to get a special colored yosii.  This has got to be one of the best mario classics of all time!prediction:4
reviewText:Mario with friends travel to Dinosaur Land for a vacation where it's home to a friendly species of dinosaur called Yoshis, however Bowser and his Kooplings are still alive and yet kidnap the princess once again including kidnapping some of the friendly dinosaurs in eggs for his collection. Mario and Luigi team up with some Yoshis to get through 74 levels in 8 different worlds to save Dinosaur Land.A brilliant start for the SNES as in 1990 in Japan as they released the Super-Famicom (Japanese Nintendo System), Nintendo wowed players back then in that country and it became the highest acclaimed game in the series back then since SMB 3. It spawned hype here in the US earlier in Nintendo Power and many other game magazines even about the shiny new Super Nintendo entertainment system and it's launch title "Super Mario World". On August 13th 1991, the SNES premiered with the game that went with out and fans were originally worried if it will live up to be a masterpiece like "Super Mario Brothers 3" and if it was a masterpiece they got, it's a masterpiece they finally got.It's the best looking game in the series at the time with it's highly advanced graphics and sounds as it was an evolutionary stepforward to the saga. While not offering many new elements as the previous game, this one does offer a feather that can make Mario a caped superhero where he can fly like his Raccoon counterpart in part 3 to performing a bellydive and spin around, he can ride his allies known as Yoshi where it can devour enemies and this is the first game where Mario uses his spin jump. Like SMB 3, this one brings back the map system and Mario could backtrack and re-enter levels. The game has brilliant 2D colorful visuals that still holds up as it has a work of charm to it including amazing special effects that impressed the hell out of gamers including myself when i got this game with the system for christmas back in 91 when i was 10. It was nothing like gamers here in the US has ever seen before from rotating boss battles to all the way to the climax of the Banzai that Bowser rode.It's easily as awesome as SMB 3 and another time-tested classic that is always a treat to replay as it's one of my fave games ever.prediction:4
reviewText:My son bought this and works a little too good.  I have to keep telling him I can't help him with the next level.  I grew up with an atari.  No nothing about these new games.prediction:4
reviewText:This has been and will always be my favorite Mario game. It's flawless and anyone from the 90's will agree. It's when they introduced Yoshi my favorite character from Mario . If you haven't played it you've been missing out!prediction:4
reviewText:i love this game because you get to ride on yoshi and fly like superman. Fast shipping arrived in great condition just as described. Great classic game to add to my collection. Highly recommended. Thanks! A+prediction:4
reviewText:Purchased for my daughter for her gaming system.  She loves it and is very happy with it and glad she has it.prediction:4
reviewText:This game will bring back memories for anyone that ever played it on SNES.  I remember playing in Sears.  It was so fun.prediction:4
reviewText:I loved this game fifteen years ago and I love it today. Super Mario World is one of my all-time favorite games. I recently bought this game to play after I became bored with some of the newer games I own. My girlfriend is a big Mario fan, and she and I spend time playing Mario World and unlocking all of its secrets.Super Mario World is great fun for anyone of any age.prediction:4
reviewText:The super mario world I know and love. A must have for anyone with a super nintendo. I strongly recommend!prediction:4
reviewText:As the original pack-in game for the Super Nintendo, this is a worthy successor to the Super Mario series! It expands the Super Mario universe without sacrificing the fun or addicting gameplay. In addition to improved graphics, Mario has new moves including the ability to throw turtles, fly, and ride around on a little green dinosaur named Yoshi (his first appearance in the video game!). The world itself is huge compared to previous Mario games, with a nice variety of settings including Haunted Houses. A battery backup lets you save up to four games. This game should be standard issue for all Super Nintendo owners.prediction:4
reviewText:Super Mario World is one of the best side-scrolling games of all time and if you have one game for the SNES this is it.  It is just a fun game that gamers of all ages can enjoy.  I should know, because Super Mario World was the first video game I ever played, and let me tell you it was some experience.  Looking back on the game all these years later and my stance still hasn't changed a single bit.  Super Mario World for the Super Nintendo is a keeper.Gameplay & Graphics:  The animation of this game is some of the best you'll see for the SNES and is certainly worth noting when reviewing this game.  For a game of its age the game is very crisp in its presentation and the gameplay is simple enough for anyone of ages 5 and above to easily grasp, yet don't let that fool you, for the levels of this game are complex enough to entertain seasoned gamers (or parents) who wish to look back at the classic days of gaming.  It is a vast improvement over the original side-scrolling Mario adventure on the NES and offers hours of entertainment due to its high number of levels.Entertainment Value:  Super Mario World is just plain harmless fun that is fun for gamers of all ages and it should not be forgotten.  I first played this game at an age of five and I know it is the cause of my interest in video gaming so I owe it much thanks.  Playing it now I still recognize it as a fine achievement in the history of video gaming and that it deserves attention.So my stance remained firm that Super Mario World for the SNES is perhaps the best game for the SNES, and certainly one of the best family games of all time.prediction:4
reviewText:The Empire Stikes Back is a sweet game. In this game you get to play Princess liea, wich is cool. and you get to face darth vader for the first time. This is a sweet game. any Star Wars fans should own it.If you liked this game check out all of the star wars gamesprediction:4
reviewText:Rare proved to be a worthy asset to Nintendo during the 90's and surprised everyone by bringing out the hit arcade game, Killer Instinct in 1994. It was an excellent alternative to the Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat games that dominated the arcade scene. While it did not have as many characters or stages as other fighting games, it made up for it with stunning graphics, excellent music, a roster of good characters and deep gameplay that made you want to master each character. Then in 1995, Rare released Killer Instinct for the SNES shocking and surprising gamers at the same time. And it was so close to the source material that it was such a marvelous achievement from Rare and Nintendo.Killer Instinct has a story in there that no one cared for so you just jump into the action. Pick a character and you'll see the line of characters you must fight one after the other. Each character has his/her/its own moves waiting to be discovered. The game gets you acquainted to a combo system where you can string together certain moves to start a combo chain. The longer the chain, the more you get to beat up the opponent and take off more energy. To make it interesting (and to stop players from over dominating matches), each character has a "combo breaker" move: a certain combo then when you execute after someone tries to chain a combo, that character breaks out of it and hits your opponent at the same time. When your opponent loses all of his/her energy, you get the chance to end the match by either knocking him/her off the stage or by doing an "end special": a special move that you execute to unleash a barrage of combo hits earning you an "ultra combo" (40 or more hits in a row.) If you take too long to finish your opponent, he/she comes back to life with a little bit of energy and is extra powerful. Alongside the main mode, you can get used to the controls in the practice mode, tweak the game setting in the options screen, take on another player in the 2 player VS mode and tournament mode, where up to 8 players can duke it by passing the controller around.The PROS: For Rare to bring this game to the SNES and have it turn out as good as what Capcom did to the home port of Street Fighter II a few years before, it was quite impressive. The core game, complete with all the characters, stages and moves is intact and inside the massive, black 32 megabit cartridge. The graphics, music, sound effects and game play are worth seeing in person. The controls are very responsive and it's just a matter of memorizing the moves before you learn how to play and get better. The game will become more difficult once you raise it so prepare to fight hard. Adding the extra modes means you can get all your friends in on the action making it a fun game to play. As an special treat, Rare included a bonus music CD of the game's soundtrack and remixed tracks exclusively for the SNES version.The CONS: Due to cartridge limitations, Rare had to make cuts here and there. You will see missing frames of animations, flat 2D settings instead of the original 3D look the stages had in the arcade version, graphics running on a lower resolution setting and the music tracks playing in the background of matches are instrumental compared to the arcade versions where you heard it with the lyrics spoken (hence the reason why the music CD was included???) These are just minor quips as it doesn't deter from the overall gaming experience.Killer Instinct was worth picking up back in 1995 and is still worth playing to this very day. Those of you who want to take a chance on this better find a used copy as this game is expensive to buy as a new product. So if you still got your SNES and it works, definitely check this out. And if you can, buy the soundtrack as well; it's pretty good.prediction:4
reviewText:This game was awesome for it's time. It was visually amazing, the sounds were sharp and realistic, and everyone was unique. If you used the cheat, you could unlock the two headed boss, Eyedol. That made the game experience even more fun. The CD it came with has awesome tracks to play as well if you manage to find one with it.prediction:4
reviewText:I used to play the crap out of this in the arcades, spending crazy quarters on it! Once it was coming to home systems, I was like it's on!!!! I had both a Genesis & SNES. I chose to get it on Genesis first. Shortly after I got it for the Super too. MK has 7 characters: Scorpion,Liu Kang,Raiden,Sub-Zero,Kano,Johnny Cage & Sonya. Each have signiture/tradmark moves much like Street Fighter 2. And the characters also have their own fatalities, which you do after winning 2 rounds. Both versions (Sega & Nintendo) have pros and cons....Here's SNES'....Pros: The graphics are much more accurate to the arcade than the Genesis version.The sound is better & more clear/sharp than the Genesis version.It has all characters (as does Sega's)Cons: No bloodNo fatalities exact as the arcade versionThe controls aren't horrible, however, they feel a bit delayed or stiff.Overall it's still a fun game for the SNES & for the nostalgia of it. The game has obviously aged since it's release 20yrs ago. Still cool though....Best played with a friend or family member. I'd say this is worth picking up for farely cheap. MK2 is where SNES incorporated the blood and fatalities like the arcade.prediction:4
reviewText:Brings back memories. Loved this game for computer and it was great on SNES also. Gled to have this back in the collection.prediction:4
reviewText:This was my first exposure to the Sim City Franchise, as I didn't have a computer until college. Loved it! Learned about problem solving; how do you keep crime low, taxes low, unemployment low, and your approval rating high? Lots of experimenting with zones and city gifts! Spent many hours playing this over one summer in middle school and learned a lot. And when I got tired of building.....had a lot of fun blowing up my city with earthquakes, plane crashes, and tornadoes!!prediction:4
reviewText:Amazing- I had this game many years, and I liked it so much that I still play it a lot. It is a great value,especially for the price, and it is cool to design your own city and how it works! I also recommend buying Simcity 2000.That game is even better than this one!prediction:4
reviewText:Star Trek: Elite Force is an excellent Star Trek Adventure. It puts you in the role of a member of the crew who's job is a leader of a sort of S.W.A.T. team.  The game starts out with a simulation aboard a Borg ship. The graphics are very nicely done in this sequence and continue to be so throughout the entire game. You then get a chance to walk around Voyager on your way to a job duty. It looks and sounds just like the television show. It is awesome.  The individual missions are well written and are very exciting. You will get to protect voyager from intruders as well as protecting other team members on away missions.  Elite Force also features multiplayer options, like Unreal Tournament and Quake III. The levels are nicely drawn and they seem to run even faster than the actual game.  I am running the game on a Celeron 400 with 64 megs of RAM and a Voodoo 4 with 32 megs. It is quite choppy at times, especially if there are a lot of enemies in the room at the same time. I am not sure if it is my machine to blame or if a patch is needed.  Despite those flaws, this is one of the best Star Trek games ever. It has been a long time coming. Play long and prosper!prediction:4
reviewText:1st off Raven is making games that will blow you away this is cloo I like the show and this makes evry one from the show look as good it just like playing in an episode of star trek voyager the ty show this is a game you got to get !!!!prediction:4
reviewText:I have had Elite Force for years, and I have to say that it is just as fun as it was when I first played the game. You really do feel like you are part of the Voyager crew as the entire cast (minus Kes) returns to reprise their roles we all know and love from the series. The story is sharp and the acting is even sharper. Fighting the Borg face to face is really amazing, talking to the crew is even cooler. Fans of Star Trek should love this game, fans of Voyager WILL loves this game. A must have for all my fellow Trekkies/Trekkers/And fans who don't like the label. Buy this game!! A MustHAVE!!!prediction:4
reviewText:A good QIII based game... you are able to use phaser weapons and have the star trek actors talk to you... you also are able to save voyager may times over. its a great game and deserves more acclaim than it got.prediction:4
reviewText:Yes, this is the game that has it all: graphics, sound, multiplayer, length, innovation, fun, and, it's TREK!  Yes, this IS a Star Trek game, and unlike many Trek games, you WON'T be dissapointed with this amazing game!  After you finish the 40 levels of single player, multiplayer will leave plenty more.  Wait, what am I doing?  I gotta go play it...now.prediction:4
reviewText:I must say I actually love this game !!! Its addictive. You get to use strategy to complete missions. Plus you get to play as the Borg, Klingons, Romulans, and of course the Federation. Has the actors from the TV shows doing voices as well. Put this on your birthday or christmas list. Can't wait for the next one !!!prediction:4
reviewText:Armada is totally awesome. graphics are very well made. Unlike most games  that has overhead view of the playing field, you go on the level of the  playing field... as space is. It is a very good Star Trek game and well  worth the game. For me, it has tendcy to crash and lock up in game in  multiplayer mode. Single player mode, it never crashed or locked up. There  is also dozens of MODS to add ships and plays to downloadd maps. I am  awaiting a update to fixed the bugs in it myself.prediction:4
reviewText:Goof Troop for the SNES is a prime example of Co-op gameplay done right. The game is a charming top-down puzzle adventure game with brilliantly simple controls and the characteristic CAPCOM Super Nintendo music seen in games like "Super Goules n' Ghosts" and "Mega Man 7". The two playable characters, Goofy and Max, have slight differences that force you to play the game differently depending on who you play as. The gameplay is reminiscent of 2004's "The Legend of Zelda: Four Sword Adventures", clever puzzles that let you think outside the box to solve. There is a nice difficulty curve that gently eases you in with simple puzzles and later in the game makes you stop and think how to solve the challenge presented. On the down side, the music, while charming, can become distracting while you're thinking through a hard puzzle, and a couple of times puzzles will require you to react fast before an enemy messes everything up forcing you start that particular puzzle over. On the whole, the game is certainly worth the price and is a great game to play with a good friend.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought this game 2 days before it was released back in the day for a whopping $80!!! Now you can get it used for 44 cents....oh my! That's why I'm skipping this new generation of consoles entirely.I still get great joy from the xbox 1 and I do have a psp which is great for the nostalgic games that I loved growing up as a kid on the go...prediction:4
reviewText:One of the best games of all times. It combines deep storey, nice graphics, smooth adventure and great Action in a way that will make an adict ! It's a classic !prediction:4
reviewText:WOW!!! This is definitely the best game of the year! With a new feature that allows you to go into Matrix-style slow-motion, it is the only game to employ such a feature. PC Gamer calls this feature, &quot;Slo-mo gives you an inventive advantage over the opposition... and it also happens to be the most fricken' cool device ever employed in an action game.&quot; The graphics are truly stunning, the story is excellently written, and it has one of the best plots in an action game. The Mature label is correctly applied, since there is a lot of animated blood, violence and suggestive themes, such as a the player killing a devil-worshipping maniac. This third person shooter will replace Half-Life as the definitive action game!prediction:4
reviewText:Max Payne is a game that can only reshape the genre, very much as Half Life did. Besides the obvious use of eye popping graphics and visceral and highly stylizied Hong Kong Movie style gunplay a la aptly named bullet time, this is a very engrossing game. The story moves along at a very crisp pace, giving you the feeling that the net is closing in on you as both the cops and the villains want you dead. The game also employs a nice touch, that it borrowed from Grim Fandango, where your head turns to look at items of interest. I cannot put this game down!! It will surprise you. I recommend that you try the demo, at least. You will need a hefty PC and 3d card to run this game well.prediction:4
reviewText:Let me say this is some of the greatest gameplay ever created.  You can interact with almost every object around you, useless or not.  Graphics are smooth and wondefully detailed (you can even see the enemies squint there eyes and bite there teeth together when they shoot at you).  Great voice acting and an unbelievably good story.The gameplay is purely genuiss and bullet time aspect of slow motion is awsome.  Really there are no bad points i can think of, just dont let the kids play this one.prediction:4
reviewText:This has to be the best action game I have ever played, maybe even the best game I have ever played, and I play a lot of games! I love this game and I play it all the time. It is so cool! It has the best graphics around (If you have a good enough system to run it), lots of weapons, great gameplay, a great involving story and the coolest feature ever, Bullet-Time. There are also tons of game mods that are already out too. This game is worth every penny, if your an action game fan, you can't go wrong with Max Payne!prediction:4
reviewText:MDK 2 is one of the best games of all time!! I really love what was done with this game...the graphics, the scenery, the humor, the challenge are all top notch. This is definitely one to own and one to keep. Get MDK 2 without a second thought...you won't regret it.prediction:4
reviewText:Is that a joke? This game is fantastic and still fun today.Basically it is like Shining Force 2 where you get people and can upgrade them. You get a choice for most of your characters and each game you can try different jobs to see what you like. This game has alot of memorable characters and pretty nice graphics. The story is also impressive and stays interesting. I've played it numerous times and still love it. Do I reccomend this game? Of course I do. Will you get your moneys worth when you buy it? Yea, you will...5 stars!prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of my favorite games ever! The charcters are great, the job system is wonderful, and the story, music, and graphics, everything is great! Everyone who is a fan of any strategy game especially Final Fantsy Tatics would love this game. Also, it is very easy to learn the battle system and the job system. I don't think it should have gotten the mature rating, the only reason for this is because when you kill somebody on the battle field all these red squares burst out. Buy this game, you won't regret it!prediction:4
reviewText:The downside as mentioned in the previous view is what makes this RTS different from the rest.  This game uses a system of &quot;Command Points&quot; instead of the usual resource gathering of every other RTS game out there.The Command Point (CP) system works like prestige points.  Destroy enemy units, gain CPs.  Occupy enemy structures, gain CPs.  Achieve mission goals, gain CPs.  This was done in order to force the  player to use combined arms instead of the cliched &quot;Tank Rush&quot;  tactic used in alot of RTS's like Command &amp; Conquer and clones.The  units in Force Commander work like a &quot;Rock, Paper, Scissors&quot; way.  You would NOT want to storm your opponent with 50 AT-ATs because they suck  against infantry, namely the Rebel Infiltrators which can take-over an  enemy vehicle just like Chewbacca took over the AT-ST in &quot;Jedi&quot;.  So of course, to counter Rebel infantry, you want to use fast moving  AT-PTs.You lose CPs for not using what you've got, so basically it's  like if you just sit around and not do anything, you would lose prestige  points with your superiors.  Achieve your goals and thus gain CPs.GAME  MECHANICS -Screen resolutions up to 1024 x 768 x 32 -3D Accelerated -3D  floating camera--zoom out to a bird's-eye-view, or get right down on the  ground with your troops. -Classic John Williams soundtrack REMIXED with  modern music, ie Heavy Rock.prediction:4
reviewText:Wheater you play this on a Gameboy, SNES Superboy, GBA, or GameCube Player this is a must play for Nintendo fan, Metroud fan, or fans of solid platforming Metroidvania ....yes there is a reason Metroid got its own terminology hybrid name ...prediction:4
reviewText:I bought Metroid II the day it came out back in 1991, and since that day it has been my favorite Gameboy game, and one of my favorite games on any system. The graphics were far superior to its NES predecessor, which made me love this game from the start. The game play is extremely easy to pick up, and very responsive to what you want it to do. AND, the levels are vast and fun to explore for a few hours. Let's face it; it doesn't get much better than playing as Samus and shooting up the Metroid.This game picks up where the original Metroid left off. You are Samus Aran, and you work for the Galactic Federation to fight evil. Lately the evil has been a species called the Metroid. In the first game, Samus defeated the Metroid on another planet including the Mother Brain. In this game Samus travels to the Metroid's home planet to take em all out. This game really stands out compared any other black and white Gameboy game, and it even rivals new Gameboy Color and Advance stuff. The Metroid series is one of the best Nintendo has to offer, and I recommend anyone buy a game that boasts Samus Aran as a character.prediction:4
reviewText:This is Tetris. I always loved this game, I played it on my Gameboy since I was four. I grew up playing this game, and I never got tired of it. My only complaint is, if you want it, don't order it on Amazon, buy it at a flea market or something.prediction:4
reviewText:This game been around longer than my younger sister. I started playing it, then I realized this started all Wario adventures. For anyone who never play this before, be warned this functions like Mario than later Wario games. You can collect treasure and coins to raise your money. You will find out in the end if you maxed out. You can see the beginning of Wario's style and gameplay. I recommand this nice pick if you are either a Wario fan, a Mario fan, or both.prediction:4
reviewText:The game starts off as the classic Donkey Kong arcade game with 4 levels, then after you send DK falling down the collapsed building, instead of winning, you then have a whole NEW game to play! Several levels and worlds that make you think, and plan out how to move, taking the area, enemies, and variables into account. I played this as a kid, and just got it on my 3DS eShop, and I love it just as much. I only have ONE single complaint. You cannot pause during the final battle. That's the ONLY complaint I have from what I remember. Great game, awesome characters, a fair difficulty, and I feel this game demonstrates the classic rivalry of Mario and Donkey Kong better than the original arcade did, having many more levels and showing how creative Donkey Kong can be.prediction:4
reviewText:Take everything wrong with Mega Man 1 and 2 on the NES and you get this. Your fired shots travel WAY TOO SLOW on the Game Boy, and these stages, especially the Fortress and Space Station at the end of the game, are NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE! Plus if you lose in either you have to start over, and that means if you die at the end of the Fortress, at the hands of a Robot Leader, you have to fight the whole way back to them, and any you beat must be beaten again.ROBOT LEADERS WAVE ONE: Elec Man, Cut Man, Fire Man, Ice ManFORTRESS ROBOT LEADERS: Bubble Man, Flash Man, Heat Man, Quick Man, and ?This ain't no masterpiece and is for Mega Man die-hards only.prediction:4
reviewText:Great game I owned it once now buying back retro games for my kids to enjoy! Brings back lots of fun memoriesprediction:4
reviewText:This game is a really fun Mario racing game.  It's a really entertaining game that you can play on your own, or with a couple of friends.I have really enjoyed this game, I think it's one of the classics for SNES, and I would recommend this for everyone.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best non-serious racing game for SNES! Pick from eight racers, Mario, Luigi, Toad, Bowser, Koopa, Donkey Kong, Yoshi and the Princess. Then pick your difficulty and one of three circuits that you want to race on. Each circuit has five racetracks, each is severely detailed from start to finish! The ghost houses have ghosts everywhere, Bowser's castle has thromps to come down and crush you! You can pick up items along the way, like mushrooms that give you a huge boost of speed, stars, which make you invisible, and shells that you fire at the other racers! Throughout the game you can even add to the fun by earning extra difficulties and an extra circuits with five new and cool racetracks like star road. The only downfall is that the game is quite dated, because it is for SNES, and there are versions for Gamecube, N64 and Gameboy Advance.prediction:4
reviewText:Really good times with this game do much fun! One of the best game for the super Nintendo. A must have for any true hardcore Nintendo fan!prediction:4
reviewText:Without a doubt this is one of the greatest games of all time, and one of the greatest snes games PERIOD! The hype is much deserved and this game is addicting and fun. It was one of the first video games to take on a non-linear style and use heavy exploration to gain powerups. The result is a game which will be both tedious and amazingly fun! I cannot recommend this game highly enough to you fellow review reader! The bosses are amazing and the graphics are superior! it SHOWS JUST HOW GOURGEOUS 16-bit can be! The replay value is amazing, and you will always have the joy of beating it faster the more you play it. This game made the speed run what it is today! BUY IT NOW! 10/10prediction:4
reviewText:This game rocked! It was great! Samus is back on the SNES with new weapons, new monsters, a totally new world, losts of strategy and hours ipon hours of fun with this one. Honestly, I could never find pars of this game that I didn't like because this is an all out great game.Easily one of the best re-vamped NES games, SUPER METROID is a must have for the SNES system. Really, check out this game and while you're at it, check out the other re-vamps for the SNES like MEGA MAN X, ZELDA : LINK TO THE PAST, MARIO ALL-STARS and SUPER CONTRA.prediction:4
reviewText:Super Metroid is a Masterpiece of Sci Fi Gaming. Originally released in 1994 on the SNES, Super Metroid has withstood the test of time and inspired countless other games and media productions. Every bit of the game has been carefully constructed and fine-tuned to weave the world of planet Zebes and it's underworld web of labyrinths. The Ambient Electronic soundtrack is absolutely haunting and beautiful, one of my favorite soundtracks of all time. I love the second Brinstar theme, which reminds me allot of a more ambient Depeche Mode, and both the Maridia Themes.A timeless Masterpiece!prediction:4
reviewText:My subject line says it all. Illusion of Gaia takes you on a roaming journey on which you never return to any previous location once you leave the area. The story is charming and becomes increasingly more epic as it unfolds. The action RPG gameplay is pretty fun, and the fact that you can only clear each screen of enemies once (the method for leveling up) keeps the player from over leveling and taking the challenge out of the game. The game is basically linear, with one collection side quest that rewards the player in various ways.prediction:4
reviewText:I remember playing this. I had a lot of fun with it. It saved Nintendo, really it did!Graphics:11/10: It set the SNES to its limits. Crystal clear 3D images. Great rain and water.Sound:10/10: Great sound. The monkey's grunts sound pretty good.Music:10/10:  Jungle music that is very catchy.Gameplay:9/10: Although not as good as the other 2, it's fun.Play as Donkey or Diddy and romp through many worlds. You can also ride on animal buddies, too.I suggest you to get this!prediction:4
reviewText:love it! I can't believe I still remember where half of the secret passages/bonuses are.the first game with computer graphics, if you grew up with it you remember. if you didn't, you need to buy it purely for its educational valueprediction:4
reviewText:MY favorite SNES title available.Super Mario World had many levels and was like Super Mario Bros.3 upgraded into a whole new realm of 2-d.This time around this doesn't follow the traditional MArio franchise style of gameplay.You play as the little dino Yoshi and his pals(wich are multi colored yoshis!)You get to use Yoshi's tongue as a weapon ,making for some completly different levels disigns.48 levels may not sound liek alot ecspecially since SMW had over 80.These levels are alot longer and much more colorful.The music is fantastic and the graphics were a pastel/crayon look making it look as though a child had colored it in.Some items you can obtain are watermelons and use their seeds as a gun liek weapon.Some melons are for flames,and others for ice.The bosses are are each unique and span out from all the zones in the game.There are 2 types of bosses a mini boss thats halfway through a zone and a full out boss they are in a castle of some sort at the end of each zone.Really good game controls are easy enough the scoring system is awsome for perfectionist.A must have.prediction:4
reviewText:One of the top side-scrolling classics, I love it more than SUPER MARIO WORLD 1. Thankfully, it's coming to GBA soon! Buy it! Play it!prediction:4
reviewText:A fun sequel to super mario world.  In yoshis island you play as a group of yoshis trying to reunite baby mario with his brother(luigi).  You travel through 8 beautiful hand drawn world using eggs, watermelons, and stars to keep baby mario safe from the clutches of little bowser and his servant kammy koopa.  This is a fun game and a must have for anybody who likes yoshi. :)prediction:4
reviewText:This is a great game for Yoshi lovers like myself. Regular Mario/Nintendo fans enjoyed this game too though. It's a lot of fun even if baby Mario's cries can get on your nerves. haha x)prediction:4
reviewText:Yoshi's Island would be my Mario sidescroller of choice if I had to pick one to play single player. While there is no two player option, this title offers some very fun and colorful levels for Yoshi to explore while protecting a baby Mario. A level completion percentage challenges players to replay levels and rewards them with challenging bonus stages for getting enough 100% completions.prediction:4
reviewText:For those of you who loved the first game in the Donkey Kong Country Trilogy for Snes this is highly recommended! Diddy and Dixie are the charachters in this one and they certainly have more attitude than the titular beloved primate! The levels are more elaborate than the first one and just as fun! Everything you loved about the first one is present in the sequel! 10/10prediction:4
reviewText:Two player fun, makes the game fun and exciting.I love this game, it is definitely a classic, arguably the best in the trio for the SNES.prediction:4
reviewText:I love this game for the graphics, the music and the cool level design.Definatly a challenge, trying to find all the DK coins and rescuing Donkey kong.  I have completed most of the game and all of the kremling world.  (ya know, the weird lookin place with the psychidellic volcano)  I say this is definatly the best and always fun to play... now only if they would come out with it on a portable system...Anyway, buy this game, its sure to delight.prediction:4
reviewText:Awesome Game. It's Fun, Hard, and Simple. Great Graphics Too. Super Fun.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is awesome!!!!!!!  Snes couldnt make a better RPG!its about some guy named Smithy.  he takes over bowsers keep so bowser teams with mario and the princess to get it back. there is also some others characters.  mallow, and this other magickoopa guy.  its pretty long, fun, and challenging at parts.  I never new Mario and bowser would team.GET THIS GAME EVEN IF IT IS ON SNES!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:I remember, when I was just about 5-6 years old, I rented this. It was MUCH different then any game I ever played, after all. Even today, being an RPG fan, this still gets a place in my heart.The game was released near the SNES's last breath. And Square and Nintendo worked together to make this game.GAMEPLAY: Very fun! It's an RPG with style. You can even jump. Their are lots of areas, and tons of secrets, and mini-games! The battle system is neat, and easy. You even get Peach/Toadstool and even Bowser in your team! You are going to love it.GRAPHICS: Whoah! This is one of the best looking SNES games out there. Lush, detailed, 3-Dish graphics that surpass the SNES's abilities.MUSIC/SOUND: Very good. The Forest Maze music is neat.STORY: One of the better Mario stories.Overall, a classic. Worth getting. It REALLY needs to be remade for the DS though,=.prediction:4
reviewText:Yes thats right. This game RULES. You are Mario, and at the beginning you have to save the princess (again).  After that, a giant sword with a face crashes into bowsers castle, flinging Mario, Bowser, and the Princess all in different directions AND destroying the star road that connects the mushroom land to bowsers keep. So you gotta go find the 7 star pieces to the star road, and find out what that sword is (just play the game, lol) Bowser and the Princess joins your team later along with a few new friends: Mallow, and a doll that comes to life named Geno.  As you play you come up with new spells, weapons, and sometimes you run into little games and puzzles.I am buying this game this week so I figured I should write a review for fun.prediction:4
reviewText:Super Mario RPG: Legend Of The Seven Stars is an RPG for the Super Nintendo. It is made by both Nintendo and Square. This is also one of the best games on the Super Nintendo.In the game, you play Mario, and you must go on a quest to restore the Star Road back to normal. You must collect seven star pieces that have been scattered all around the Mushroom Kingdom. As you progress through the game, you join up with Mallow, Geno, Bowser, and Princess Toadstool.This game is brilliant. It combines the RPG style of the Final Fantasy games with the adventure style of the Mario games so well. This is a great game, and it is definitely one of the best games I've ever played.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best and most fun RPG I've ever played. It is well worth the money.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is solely responsible for getting me into RPGs.  Before this i never understood the idea of leveling up a character to reach maximum strength.  All I knew was jump on that turtle and eat the mushrooms!:-P  Really though, if you're looking to get into RPGs, this is a great place to start.  Familiar characters, great story & gameplay, music is fantastic.  Really, just can't say enough about this classic.  If it weren't for this, i would have never played all the other amazing RPGs on the SNES.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a great price!  It come's with a system and a game donkey kong.  The game is great and the system is cool.prediction:4
reviewText:I enjoyed the second one the best out of all of them, it was a nice concept in the playstation era.prediction:4
reviewText:while dated, this is still the funnest of the wipeouts to play. there are only 3 real problems with it. first, the game came out before "draw in" was in wide use so you'll sometimes see parts of the track appear out of thin air as you approach. second, there are only 4 craft to choose from and 4 others unlocked by a code. and third, to play multiplayer you need to use the system link cable. for those of you who don't know that means you need two copies of the game, two playstations, two TV's and the link cable.HOWEVERthe track design is the best of the 3 PSone wipeouts by far. they lay out and the venues are very well done and the soundtrack is a perfect fit. the controls work great even though they're on the digital pad; and the game play itself is unique, features innovative weapons and gets VERY fast. mario cart this is not.prediction:4
reviewText:Cool me and my dad play it we race and play together no flaws we love it you will tooprediction:4
reviewText:I remember when this game came out I played it at a friends house and loved it,finally a platform game that surpassed Mario. This game is very easy to pick up and play and very enjoyable to say the least. I have beat the game several times and its still a fun game to play. A classic game that combines graphics(especially for its time)and stellar gameplay and fun. If you haven't played this game your missing out on a classic and also check out Sonic CD for Sega CD only and the sequel Sonic The Hedgehog 2 for Sega Genesis.prediction:4
reviewText:Needed a new pad for my Genesis and noticed these were being sold as "new" for a decent price. This came as a brand new, unopened, mint condition box. I almost felt bad opening the box. The controller was in perfect condition and was not a cheap knock off. This is an official Sega Genesis controller that works perfectly with my Model 2.prediction:4
reviewText:haha as a kid i never got one of these, i remember thinking you had to have them to do fatalities on mkII. anyways great controller and a real treat to take a step back 22 years agoprediction:4
reviewText:The whole &quot;Tactics Ogre&quot; style of this game makes it a great play and a welcome surprise in the series.  The game does take a lot more strategy, so some may find it more difficult.  However, fans of the real-time strategy genre may enjoy this game, even though they may dislike the RPG genre as a whole.prediction:4
reviewText:Well, they do if you don't take care of this disks....After all these years, Final Fantasy Tactics is still a game I enjoy returning to every once in a while. The engaging story and unique characters make it a truly enjoyable experience no matter how old you, or the game, get. And because of the class system, it can be played differently every time. Ever done a solo calculator run?The simple graphics are reminiscent of a time when story mattered more than how the game looked. And even today, many games are attempting to recapture that "retro look."Let's face it. This is a game you can come back to again and again and enjoy it every time. There are very few games that can make the same claim.prediction:4
reviewText:I had this one when I was a young adult. One of the best Rpg's I've ever owned, I still remember it well.prediction:4
reviewText:I've definetely have got to agree with some reviewers here that FF Tactics isn't everyone's cup of cake (not if you want flashy 3D Graphics and lengthy FMVs, here it's 2D and and has brief FMVs). It is a heck of a difficult game for starters, if you play without guidebooks. You may attempt hours or days on a single mission or even restarting from scratch and that is just the cool part of FFT; it is the most challenging Square game since FFV and FF VI. The wide range of jobs and abilities is what that'll hook you till months, with again, ridiculously hard mini-quests as bonus if you're willing to endure another couple of weeks of migraine (especially the NOGIAS dungeon). The 2D graphics are probably the most eye-candy ever on PS with cool 2D spells, awesome soundtrack and great stereo sound. Again, this might not be everyone's cup of cake.prediction:4
reviewText:No review can do enough justice for this masterpiece.I have played hundreds of games in my life.This game ranks No.1,in terms of offering sheer amount of strategic gameplay.Music,Story,Challenge,Variety and Fantastically designed maps,combine to give you the most gratifying time of your life.The guys in squaresoft outdid themselves.Not even the mighty FF VII can compare to this game in offering sheer amount of FUN.Tactical games like Disgaea,and other NIS America games,pale in comparison to this juggernaut.They just don not have the story,battle animations,tactical strategy,BALANCE of Gameplay choices,astounding sense of progression,that FF Tactics offers.This game is in a Class of itself.Truly a magnificent masterwork,exquisitely designed by Squaresof working at the height of its powers.Stands the test of Time as this review is posted in 2012.prediction:4
reviewText:Secrets of Evermore is still one of the best games I have ever played since I beat it ten years ago. There are only 2 characters in the game: a boy and his dog. You travel through four different worlds using magic spells created by mixing ingredients. While traveling through worlds, your dog changes from a big pitbull to a greyhound to a poodle to a flying toaster.I strongly reccomend to an adventure game fan because the storyline is great, the bosses are badass, the weapons are cool and are not too hard to upgrade, and the worlds are fun. You can also trade in some locations.This game is absolutely amazing so I give a shout to the makers.prediction:4
reviewText:I'll try not to reveal too much so I'll keep this as short and sweet, yet as informative as I can.  Rarely will a game come along that you can relate to so closely.  Your everyday normal guy gets blasted into a land called Evermore.  Evermore is constantly changing and if you watch this you will get what's going on.  With all the twists and turns and probably one of the most believable games you will play.  Evermore really feels like you are in the game.  Aside from that this game was made by Squaresoft of America and so if you haven't played this pick it up!prediction:4
reviewText:If you enjoy Snes style rpg's then you will love Secret of Evermore. I loved playing the game so much that I made a guide for it. I had way more fun playing this game than Secret of Mana or Chrono Trigger. I think peoples favorites are in the timing of when they played the game; having said this, this game would be fun anytime. I really liked the storyline, and the way it looked, the music, along with one of the best gaming experiences I have ever had. It is a huge world with so much to do and see.Play this game you will be happy you did.prediction:4
reviewText:This western RPG uses pretty much the same action-RPG mechanics as Secret of Mana, except for replacing the traditional MP-fueled magic system with an alchemy system that runs off of ingredients. You control a boy and his dog who must travel through a world split into distinct regions: A prehistoric region, an Egypt-like area, and a medieval setting. Eventually you must travel to a futuristic environment for the final confrontations. The AI pathing and behavior works much better than in Secret of Mana.prediction:4
reviewText:I was very excited when this game was released. It combined one of my all time favorite NES games into a trilogy of greatness. The port to the SNES is almost exactly the same as the originals.Ninja Gaiden is a classic, and a hard one to beat at that. The second and third games aren't quite as difficult, and still deliver a great gaming experience. I loved going back through these games, reliving my childhood experiences. It is just as I remembered, graphics and all.prediction:4
reviewText:If you don't know this by now, hear me.....NINJA GAIDEN ROCKS!Play NG 2, NG Sigma, NG Black (on 360 downloads), and all the rest.You cannot find a better series. It cannot be done......prediction:4
reviewText:I remember the first time I played Primal Rage it came off as a clone of Mortal Kombat since that was the grand dadddy of all fighting games at the time and huge. You play as a group of dinosaurs that are about to get wiped off the face of the earth by a metor that is about to hit planet earth ending all life  you know. You battle it out as either Blizard/Chaos(Ape), Diablo/Sauron(T-rex), Vertigo(serpant snake vodoo lizard), Armadon(spinosarus), or Talon(raptor). Each dinosaru has special moves and finishing moves like Mortal Kombat where they can perform Fatalities on your opponents. Its a fun game that lets you chose your animal and take out  your anger on other animals.prediction:4
reviewText:I'm a collector of SNES games and had to own this one. It's a fun game. I think some parts are hard for kids like the second level when you have to roar at the monkees and grab on the hippos tail and swing. The hardest part of the game is the jump and double jump in the middle and the end of the second level. The game is fun and you get bigger and your roar builds as well. You need patience with this game. I totally recommend it.prediction:4
reviewText:Using a Nyko Worm Light is a very good way to get light on your screen. Although it blocks the screen it's still very useful.  It's even a very preety color, blue.This is a must for any gamer.prediction:4
reviewText:Wow!!!  This game is the *best* game that I have ever played!  It requires intelligence, common sense, and patience.  The graphics are amazing and the whole concept of this game is just amazing.  YOU HAVE GOT TO PLAY THIS GAME!!!...  The sequel, "Riven" is even better (hard to believe)!!!  The newest sequel that JUST came out is "Exile".  BUY THEM ALL!!! THIS IS THE BEST GAME SERIES OF ALL TIME!!!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:It is unfortunate that a lot of the hype surrounding this game is all about the level of violence.  Behind that shock value is a solid and highly entertaining game.  You are put into the shoes, or combat boots, of a  mercenary and sent to various regions around the globe to track down 4  stolen nuclear warheads.The game mechanics are, in the usual Raven  style, very well thought out and implemented.  Before each mission you are  given a chance to load up on weapons and supplies.  This isn't typical  first-person shooter fare where you can haul around an entire arsenal, you  must choose a few weapons and supplies based on a limited number of slots.  In mission you are allowed to drop weapons to pick up different ones, a  very nice touch indeed.The graphics look exceptional for being built on  an aging engine.  The environments are very well done and are varied enough  between mission to break any monotony.  The levels are designed to keep you  on track with the action.  Probably the most impressive part is the  character animation and hit detection.  The models move extremely smoothly  and react to location based damage.  Shoot someone in the shoulder and they  are thrown back in that direction.  Shoot someone in the leg and they hop  around, point blank in the face...well.  Although it is very extreme, it  adds a lot to the war is hell gritty feeling.  Raven has even gone as far  as to include various violence lockdowns with passwords; or you can just  opt to not install any of the violent features.Multiplayer includes the  standard deathmatch in addition to a couple of excellent alternatives.  There is a realistic deathmatch where one-shot kills are prolific and  fatigue play a factor.  There is also arsenal and assasin.All in all,  this is a great game.  While it blends some realism in, it is still an  action game in its heart.  The story is interesting, design well thought  out and the graphics are sweet.  You won't regret picking this one up.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a very fun game.It's probably one of the first pinball video games.I like it.You will too,even if you're not a Pokemon fan.prediction:4
reviewText:I love pokemon pinball. One of the best things on the face of this earth! A good way to kill time!prediction:4
reviewText:Great game, works perfectly, shipping was good. In all a good purchase. Would buy again. A little dusty and rusty though.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of my favorite games from my childhood! Pokemon Snap is a very fun and creative adventure game that I still love to play even to this day!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is completely underrated i used to play this all the time along with Oot, it is a huge game very fun with many different characters and the multiplayer was great me and my cousins and brothers played together all the time and always had fun. Totally worth it.prediction:4
reviewText:This game brings me my favorite memories. It has nice melodies and nice trinkets. Excellent for a twenty-minute break. A Plus.prediction:4
reviewText:When I read a review about this game being better than FF7, I thought they were nut.  After all, FF7 is my favorite, and I thought anyone including Square couldn't do better.  For good 3 years, I never gave second thought.Summer of 2002, I saw brand new copy at FYE, and I decided to give a try.  For [a low price], I told myself it cannot be waste of money.When I started to play, I realized why Sega Saturn fans cherished this title.  This is the one of two games that truly captured the ideal of Great RPG.1.  They feature likeable characters.  All have style, and sense of existence.  They are not just a filling, rather important part of story and the game itself.I do not care about their age, or about drawing style.  For me, it fits very well.  After all, this is an adventure about Adventure itself.2.  Battle System!!...  I can't stress importance about having good battle system.  With no random encounter and isomatric, semi full-time battle, it is definitely more fun than conventional system set by FF for too long.Generally battle is easy side if you took most battle.  It eliminates the need of excessive dependence on Guardians.3.  Music.  This is only title other than Chrono Cross that made me buy Soundtrack.  The composer gave his best to capture the feeling of this game and raise the level.4.  Graphic.  Other than character, and battle scene, they are completely 3-D.  They did it without losing details.  Much better than Xenogears (really!)When you see this game, you may notice that so many could've gone wrong, instead, they perfectly excuted to create this amazing title.  I just fell in love with it.Oh, and FMV is done by LINKS, the specialist behind FF7, and Star Ocean 2.prediction:4
reviewText:Spyro 2 is a great game on a dead console. The second story is one of the best children friendly games ever. From the beginning when Spyro and Sparx leave for Dragon Shores to the time they actually get there, I remember loving the different levels, boss fights, and challenges. This is a great buy for someone you love (perhaps yourself!) Any one who plays this will have a great time. Its engaging, fun, and something thats fun without gore! (Go figure)Pros:+ Great environments+ Challenges are great brain teasers!+ Visuals are fantastic (still!)Cons:- Hard to play unless you have a PS3.Overall this is a good buy (8/10)prediction:4
reviewText:Glad to have an essential part of my childhood back. If you have kids, these are the perfect games for them, with well preserved graphics, fun villains & it's own subtle sense of humor. Dedicated experts can probably complete the game in less than a day, I would play this for weeks on end as a kid & never seem to run out of things to do. Replay value is also excellent, with a special feature that allows you to play though the whole game again with a permanent special power if you beat it 100%.Definite must have.prediction:4
reviewText:The second Spyro is even better than the first one. You get more power to make this action game that much more fun. It is great for kids or adults.prediction:4
reviewText:The original Spyro trilogy is by far the gaming mark on my childhood, and will always stay there.  The first one is downright amazing, and this one isn't short by much at all.  The only reason I docked it a star was because it seems like it takes much less time to beat than the first Spyro game, which I can understand because it's a childrens game first and foremost.  Regardless, if you're a fan of retro gaming or a little bit of history, play this and fulfill your desires, it is well worth it.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is great! You play hockey,fire cannons,ride a shark sub,a manta ray,and fly in remote-control plane! It also includes the demo of Crash Team Racing.prediction:4
reviewText:you'll find fun at every corner! all kinds of worlds, interesting charecters, and fun challenges! get it!prediction:4
reviewText:The sequel is surprisingly leaps and bounds better then the first version of GT. I find it amazing that one of the best driving games I have ever played has been improved! Great new tracks, the dirt tracks are an excellent addition not to mention the music is equally outstanding. Can't wait to check on part 3 on Playstation 2!!prediction:4
reviewText:I started with GT3. It took a while to get used to the handling (6 hrs of lic test). The handling gets better with different cars. To get better handling &amp; traction for tighter turns get racing tires. I love GT3 so I picked up GT3 just know. Great. Great. Great. More cars. More tracks. It's the only PS1 game thats worthy enough to get some play on my PS2. That speaks volumes all in it's self..prediction:4
reviewText:Fun to play especially if you have a young child. You'll enjoy playing this with your kids and they'll love playing it too.prediction:4
reviewText:Great game!!! It brought back those old RE memories with the scare and decision making. This was my first RE I got and from this one, I've loved the series every since...A must for the true RE fansprediction:4
reviewText:I owned this game on PC soon after it came out, and believe me, there's not a more fun title out there if you love to revv around a city in a vintage 1970s car in the "Take a ride" mode. As for the story mode? Who knows -- the ability to just get right into it and drive like a madman while cops chase you was too fun, and I never touched the story mode of the game. Why would anyone?prediction:4
reviewText:I don't know who the idiot is, and don't care! Who ever gave this only 2 stars is an idiot and not really a fan of Kirby or a real gamer! This is truly the greatest Kirby game! I especially love the main charater. A rolly poley little marsh mellow! He is the perfect example of a boy who is willing to risk all to help others! I love the music too! With its upeat tunes keep you entertained the whole way! The storyline is cute too! Anybody eho love Kirby should get this!prediction:4
reviewText:castlevania the adventure is the greatest video game in the world a true classic the best of the best buy this game if your a huge castlevania fan you wont be sorryprediction:4
reviewText:This is my first time getting into the Castlevania series and man did I pick a great game. Castlevania bloodlines was the first Castlevania game that featured blood in it! The best feature of this game is the fun factor! Sure you don't have the vertical and 90 degree hit angles that Super Castlevania has. What it does have is two characters to choose from which defiantely adds to the replay value. I also liked the over all graphics and feel of this game. The dark yet colorful backrounds were very imaginative and looked great! The fact that this game along with Contra's hard corps were the only Konomi games (of their series)that made it to the Genesis, makes them special. Since I own both of them I can say they trully are great games!!! Back to Castlevania Bloodlines, I must add that the music is excellent!!! It really captured the feel of the game with its dark feel and scary approach. The only possible downfall is that it is a slightly short game. To the games credit you can change the difficulty which adds to replay value. Over all I would recomend this game to both fans of the series and those looking to play a great old school platformer!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Golden axe one was a classic and this game just fell short. The enemies are repetitive, and I think the graphics are in some ways improved and in some ways worse!Its very similar to the first one, there is a new dark emperor in town, and you gotta do the dirty job. Run around, fight barbarians, evil ghost skeletons with swords, with lots of dragons, magic and sword slashing to keep you entertained for a while.prediction:4
reviewText:This is very challenging and fun because you can have multiply levels and 9 changing helmets with different ablilities to help you in your quest.prediction:4
reviewText:this is a great game, and is completley different than shinobi in many ways, if you liked shinobi, youll love this, or hate it, it all depends on your interests. if you like to just run out their, and start killing enemies, you wont be very good, or like this game. this game requires a little more strategy than the originall shinobi for the genesis or master system did. you have a dog, that you need to stun certain enemies to kill.prediction:4
reviewText:I wondered if there ever was a hidden reference to the American political system with these two (sonic being Blue, knuckles being Red) I also bet I am reading way into this lol.Anyways onto this review, this is one of the best Sonic games ever made, right up there with the legendary sequel to the first game and also the mind blowing Sonic 3-D blast! The worlds are very detailed and the music in some of the levels are really good like Lava Reef and Death Egg Zone to name 2 of my favorites. The game is designed very similar to Sonic 3 with a sub-boss in the middle followed by the mustache maniac Robotnick. The fact that you can lock it onto sonic 3 makes it that much more enjoyable and makes sonic 3 that much longer. You lock it onto Sonic 2 and now you can enjoy all those classic zones as Knuckles and discover new secrets about the game.One of the best in the Sonic Series, and highly recommended to anybody who likes adventure games.prediction:4
reviewText:This game improves upon the 2 other ones before it. You get to play 4 differnt characters. Either 2 male cops (both have the same strengths, just differnt specials) a female cop, and a little kid on roller blades (he's fun to play!). Instead of just blowing something up with a rocket launcher like the first one, each character has their own special. This is a very fun and time consuming game! I love it!prediction:4
reviewText:Toejam and Earl is great fun, and, best of all, the two player mode is cooperate, not competative. I have spent hours and hours with my husband playing this game. It is not particularly violent - your best weapon is a tomato, and your best survival strategy is avaoidance.Bad guys include a guy with a lawn-mower, a phantom ice-cream truck, and a woman with a baby in a shopping cart.Really a great game!prediction:4
reviewText:This video game is an absolutely amazing video game that still is a great memory on my part.The graphics on this game were absolutely amazing for their time when this game came out somewhere around in 1994-ish. While it's definately a bit dated by today's standards the first X-Men game was the best Marvel COmic video game that I ever got to play.I loved the sound the game would make then an X-Men character would lose a life and some of the sound effects were just so cool especially the air bomb sound effects when Storm would come down and wipe out the bad guys in the picture. So funny.This game holds a special place in my memories and when I move on to heaven, I hope Jesus has my old Sega Genesis up there for me to play for a while before I take up form again in my next incarnation.If you can find it, buy it! It's worth the price. They should re-release this on computer or the next video game system.prediction:4
reviewText:I have been a gamer since I was literally 2yrs old. Playing the old Atari 2600 when it was new. And all the other systems that would follow. I still have most of them, and many of the games. Among my collection is Zombies Ate My Neighbors for Sega Genesis. Still fun as hell to play....And still one of my favorite games from the old days of cartridges. You can play 1 or 2 player simulatneously. It's loaded with many levels,odd/funny weapons, & various campy/B movie monsters! Let me just say that although I have played this game a lot....I have yet to beat it. Which is fine, cause that gives me plenty of reason to play it still! I've got up to level 23 & that was challenging. It even has a boss that's a GIANT BABY!!!!! If you love classic/ older games, than this is for you. A must have for zombie lovers (which I am). I have played this on both Sega Genesis & SNES. Either way you are getting a classic!prediction:4
reviewText:I grew up with the snes version, and I have to say, this version is better by a million! I love the music so much more. The graphics are about the same. It plays swiftly, much better than the snes version, and I love the snes version. I also like the fact that you can enable the blood code, which makes the fatalities look cooler by a long-shot. I highly recommend this version of the game.prediction:4
reviewText:Great controller!! I got this controller after my other one broke on me after about 18 years. I went on Amazon to get a new one. Great deal and in great shape, too.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a weird little game. it's crazy, unique, and so incredibly fun and addictive it's insane. If you like earthbound, and killer seven, you've just found their love child.prediction:4
reviewText:it is a fun little game i recommend it as a gift, story is simple and easy to understand and it works, have fun playing it if you get oneprediction:4
reviewText:The Sega Genesis is the first video game system I ever played. I played this system before the NES. And I fell in love with it. It has classic titles that are still enjoyable today. With games like Sonic the Hedgehog, Road Rash 2, Ms. Pac-Man, NBA Jam, Castlevania, Street Fighter 2, Maximum Carnage, Comix Zone, Vectorman and many more, this console makes me want to switch it on and just play. At the time it was awesome, and today it's still a jewel. The simplicity of the Genesis is something any gamer (or non-gamer) should experience. If you don't own it, it's still not too late to get away from the complexity of today's consoles and just go back and play the titles you've always wanted to go back and play. As soon as I order an AC adaptor for it, you bet I'm going back and playing the classics. I remember getting frustrated that I lost at such a far point, and excited that I defeated the final boss. The Sega Genesis is awesome--every gamer should own it.prediction:4
reviewText:I am a serious gamer, owning 17 systems and a arcade machine. I'm 32 in April & still gaming strong. The Sega Genesis still get's plenty of play. My 9yr old son & I enjoy being couch bums on the weekends and getting our game on. The Genesis has an expansive library of games, great exclusives,ect.... highly recommend getting this system! I got one years ago as a kid. And for whatever reason, I got rid of it as a teenager. Truly regretted it & about 7 years ago I finally got one again. And amazingly it was at a store brand new box and all! Since then I have bought 90 games for it. And will continue to buy more carts for it! Games I recommend are:Zombies Ate My NeighborsCaptain America & The AvengersBoogermanToe Jam & EarlEarthworm Jim 1&2Sonic 1,2,& 3Revenge Of ShinobiAltred BeastGolden AxeNBA JAMStreets Of Rage 1,2,3WWF Royal RumbleLeathal EnforcersStriderMortal Kombat 1,2,3Street Fighter 2Evander Holyfield's Real Deal BoxingMercsVapor TrailPigskin FootballMadden '93 (my favorite Madden to date)X-MenSpider-ManIncredible HulkGhouls & GoblinsLast BattleEternal ChampionsWWF Super Wrestlemaniaprediction:4
reviewText:I bought this game and loved it! You can play as a super-saiyajin 4 Goku! Also at the end, you face Super Monkey Baby from DragonBall GT. It also has characters from DragonBall Z like Future Trunks and Vegito. Anyways, u will love this game if u like DBZ/GTprediction:4
reviewText:I've played alot of RPGs!  RPGs are actually a preference of mine.  I've practically played all of the genres on Nintendo, PlayStation, and some on CPU and Sega.  This is by far the hardest I've come across though.  Everything's playable till you get to Dowaine... a town across the mountains using the submarine.  Once you get there, there's all these enemies that cause status effects on you and raise themselves.  Besides the fact that you'll miss hitting the enemies here and there, the game gets freaking impossible from here!  Whoever designed this game is an idiot!  They should at least make it playable!  I have an emulator on my computer where I can save wherever I want, and even then it's impossible!... morons =o(prediction:4
reviewText:Batman returns, rock. This game is so awesome. This game is actually one game that you go through it like you were in the movie. I love this game. It's full of batolicious stuff and the Penguin is one tuff dude. This game is for everyone.prediction:4
reviewText:"Old-School Castlevanias" are those with completely linear quests; that is, you go from Point A to Point B, killing everything in your path (The non-linear games, such as Aria of Sorrow or Sympony of the Night, are sometimes referred to as "Metroid-vania.")In Super Castlevania IV, Simon Belmont steps out to defeat Count Dracula (on a side note, it's not REALLY IV; Konami later admitted that this game is just a re-make of the original 1986 NES Castlevania.)  This being said, Simon has a lot of moves at his disposal.  It this game--the only game in the series to do this--Simon can whip up, down, left, right, or diagonal.  He can flail the whip around.  He can swing from hooks in the ceiling.  Controlling Simon is . . . well, it's a joy.  Play control has never been this tight on a Castlevania game, before or since.All the levels are deep and atmospheric, with perfect music (well, except for the Atlantis Shrine, anyway.)  The music to level one is my personal favorite.  Rooms scroll in the background; vines creep up rail fences as you approach; spider-webs actually look dusty.  The graphics are absolutely amazing, and look better than many graphics on 32 or even 64-bit side-scrollers.An absolute masterpiece of a game.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the first RPG that I had ever played. In that way, it was a great introduction, although it doesn't hold up so well now that I've played other games in the Final Fantasy series. This game is very simple, as it was meant to be an introductory-type of game. If you like retro-gaming though, this is worth a look. I thought it was worth my time, and I still play it every once and a while all these years later.prediction:4
reviewText:The story in this game is definitely the best out of all of the FF games. The scope, spectacle and score of the game speaks to the incredible imagination of the creators. It should be made into a movie! (motion picture not anime)It would be a great epic worthy of an academy award. Perhaps ten or so games stick out in my mind from the SNES that are worth having, this one is in the top five.prediction:4
reviewText:one of they best FF games every made who cares about 7 just get 2 and 3.prediction:4
reviewText:This sequel is just as fun as the original and it includes new things not seen in the first Final Fight. Like the new locations, new bosses, new weapons, a multiplayer feature, and a new character. In multiplayer mode you and your friend can beat each other up and kill each other while in co-op. The fighting techniques are just as smooth as the original. So if you like retro games this is a must-have.prediction:4
reviewText:Final fight 2 is a nice side scrolling beat em up just like the original. This one you go to different countries, And you still can choose haggar. The moves are pretty sweet to. I love the weapons, knives all that cool stuff. I can play this game forever it is so addicting.prediction:4
reviewText:Alright, I bought this for a mod to get around region locks via breaking the two plastic pins on the top that lock the American games in place.  Man, are those things sturdy!  Took a while with a razor, the sharpest dagger in the world, and pliers to get through those things!  Anyways, I'd rather break a cheating device slightly rather than my console's cart slot to play Super Famicom/Japanese SNES games on my console such as DBZ Super Budoten 3 and DBZ Hyper Dimension.  Not every game from Japan will work on this, and same with English carts...some have a chip to detect the game genie's sw, bios, and all the crap to stop you from cheating...which sometimes you can get around with the right codes.prediction:4
reviewText:Pilotwings is still the best flight simulator you can find. The challenges are very engaging, you'll fly numerous aircraft through these obstacles, you'll get pilot licenses as you go through different instructors, and you'll have a ton of fun while doing it. This game never really gets old to play, and this is one of those kids games that I have not grown out of.prediction:4
reviewText:Secret Of Mana is a fantasy action-adventure RPG for the Super Nintendo. It is the 2nd game in the Mana series. In the game, you play a boy named Randi who finds the Sword Of Mana. He later meets a Princess named Purim, and a Sprite child named Popoi, and they go on a quest to save the world. As you travel, you find new weapons that can be made stronger by fighting and getting them forged by a blacksmith.This game has a beautiful soundtrack, the graphics are colorful and breathtaking, and the characters are well designed and good looking. This is one of the best RPGs on the Super Nintendo.prediction:4
reviewText:this is one of the best selling epic games on the snes console. Great story and characters and even 15+ years down the line I still like it as much as i did when i was a kid. if you have an snes and dont have this game i have no clue what your doing.prediction:4
reviewText:I first played this game shortly after it came out in the early 90's, during my 5th grade spring break. The game is an action RPG, meaning, you fight the enemies in real time and not in a separate screen like the Final Fantasy series. In the game, you play one of a god's servants, who is trying to help free the world from the grip of Deathtoll, who is essentially the devil. As you go through the game you pick up different weapons, armor, and magic which allow you to advance through the game. I remember that I found the sound and music to be quite beautiful at the time, and I still enjoy it today. The game is definitely worth a look, if you can find it. If you enjoy games such as Actraiser or Illusion of Gaia, you'll love this one.prediction:4
reviewText:The Game Maximm Carnage is cool.  You can play as Venom.  I think this is the only Spider-Man Game that you can play as Venom.  You can play as Spider-Man too.  They both have different story lines.prediction:4
reviewText:Although this game isn't as good as its N64 successor, this sci-fi adventure is still among the best in gaming. While the 3D graphics look horrendous, it's interesting to see how it worked back in the 16-bit era. In some ways I like the level designs better than Starfox 64's because they feel more creative and more interesting. For example, one part of the game is like a space version of the ocean with whales, stingrays, and more sea creatures in this interesting environment. I like how the villain Andross is designed as well, in fact it's kinda creepy(And he's a fighter in the upcoming Super Smash Brothers Brawl). The missions are still exciting and wierd to this day and it is a very rewarding experience. Though time has done some damage to this game it doesn't feel very worn. Oh, and by the way, Slippy is still an incompetent pilot as he was in Starfox 64, and Falco is still an ungrateful d*** as he was in Starfox 64.prediction:4
reviewText:Awsome fighting game, So you select your turtle, Leonardo, Raphael, Donatello, & Michaelangelo, you go threw each level fighting Foot Clan soldiers, colors don't matter, anyway, at the end of each level you fight a boss, and they're all villains from the show. Baxter Stockman, Metalhead, Rat King, Tokka & Rahzar, Shredder, Slash, Bebop & Rocksteady, Leatherhead, Krang, Krang agian, then Super Shredder. There is also Coop mode, and V.S mode. So if you could somehow get ypur hands on this, I'd check it out & it's still fun to play.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of my all-time favorite SNES games. I just now re-played it, and it's still a blast. You can play as either Leonardo, Michelangelo, Donatello, or Raphael to defeat Shredder's army of ninjas. Once you reach the Technodrome, Shredder sends you into a time warp. You must fight your way thru the past, and the future in order to get back home. I highly recommend TURTLES IN TIME!!!prediction:4
reviewText:This was ordered as a Christmas Gift for my daughter and I know she's going to love it.  She likes all of the Wolfenstein and Doom gamesprediction:4
reviewText:Breath of Fire is an awesome RPG game with good graphics, good music, and awesome ways of fighting enemies. The person who sold it to us was very reliable, the game was in good shape, and we also received a nice thank you from the seller. I can remember reading one of the other reviews saying that this is one of the best RPGS made for Super Nintendo and I agree with that person, because this game is truly amazing. I would most definitely recommend this game.prediction:4
reviewText:Characters with blue hair, teammates that turn into giant fish or birds in order to provide you a means for transportation, party members who turn into more sinister creatures to aid you in battle - this game was pretty wild at the time it came out. It has floating castles, sidequests, turn-based combat, and is long enough to almost feel epic. This was one of my first RPGs as a kid and I definitely give it a lot of credit for feeding my addiction to the genre.prediction:4
reviewText:Simply put, this is the best Final Fantasy game Squaresoft ever made. It completely changed what people expected in terms of production, graphics,story, and especially music. It pushed the SNES to its limits, and was a rewarding, fun experience from the opening credits to the final boss. If you somehow missed this, or have never played it, do so immediately. This game proves that a classic, fantastic videogame experience does not depend on graphics or technology. You'll be sucked into FF III's engaging world from the moment you pop this gem in your SNES.prediction:4
reviewText:First off, WHY any idiot would give this one star is, (1)  DEFINATELY not a gamer & (2) DOSN'T KNOW SHIT ABOUT VIDEO GAMES!!  I do not possess words enough to put into scope the greatness of this game.  The designer staff outdid all other Final Fantasies!!  In my book NOTHING comes close to this in the RPG department.  The Final Fantasies after FF7, just don't have the "Fantasy Element" in them.  You can't blend Fantasy & Technology into a book or video game.  It's like trying to blend 2 entirely different music types into one song.  HOWEVER, in this rare instance, the creators of Final Fantasy were able to  pull it off.  Thier were 2 things that got me about this game,  (1) The outstanding musical score and (2)  The ultimate boss Keefka Palazo, the nihilistic phsycopathic clown.  He will stop at nothing to achieve his sadistic goal.  His final form reminds me of Lucifer who got kicked out of heaven for trying to be god.prediction:4
reviewText:There's very little I can say about this game that hasn't been said before. What I CAN say, is as someone who's played every version of this game released state-side, that this particular version still holds the dearest place in my heart. There's something to be said about playing a game the way it was meant to be played- an SNES, with no load times, no un-needed, forced-in cut scenes, a beautiful score and graphics that were unbeatable at the time. To this day it remains one of the best RPGs I've ever played, with the most endearing characters, subtly terrifying villains, and more than a few laughs in between. (No spoony bards, though.)If you're on the fence about buying this game, all I can tell you is that it's one title that's never lost its original magic, no matter how many times I play it, and it's worth every last penny.prediction:4
reviewText:This is my personal favorite Final Fantasy game. It introduced the ability to teach any magic to any character with the esper system, which is like the materia system in Final Fantasy 7 except that an esper's spells are learned permanently. With a huge cast of playable characters, each with unique special abilities, this game offered a level of party customization not found in previous entries in the series. The story, while a classic tale of rebellion against an oppressive empire, is rich and takes itself seriously. A great musical score also helps make this game a winner.prediction:4
reviewText:Had a big case of nostalgia wanted to do some retro gaming so ordered Mortal Kombat II and it came in super fast and works perfect, The game is still awesome as it was years ago! If you are looking at it BUY IT NOW! It's Kombat for Pete's sake!prediction:4
reviewText:These are two great puzzle games with instantly recognizable themes (Korobeiniki for Tetris, Fever Theme for Dr. Mario), they both are highly addicting and of course fun. They look stunning in 16-Bit and I couldn't be more pleased to have them in one cartridge!  They offer cerebral benefits and are highly enjoyable. I highly recommend this cartridge, great games 10/10prediction:4
reviewText:This is the first one I've ever played, and still my favorite! It is magnificent! Anyway, here is my review...Graphics: 10/10: Very clean and colorful and detailed!Sound:7/10: Mega Man's buster sounds like a frikin' pea shooter! Other than that, the sound effects are decent.Music: 9/10: Pretty catchy, especialy the first level of Dr. Wily's castle!Gameplay: 100/10: Oh yeah!!! This is what I'm what I'm talking about!!  There is now an intro level and 4 bosses. Once you beat the 4 bosses, another 4 pop up! There are tons of hidden goodies. Collect R-U-SH letters to get the Super Adaptor! The Rush Coil and Jet are back, as well as Rush Search! And the bosses are creative! And some weapons  interact with objects! You can also find Beat, and he can help you! There is also an item shop! Bass and Treble are here, too.A classic! Get this!prediction:4
reviewText:Mega Man fans have something to keep an eye out for with this, the only game in the classic MM series for SNES. It has eight all new, never before heard of bosses. It actually started a new custom in the classic series: first a single level, then four bosses to defeat (in this case, Cloud Man, Burst Man, Junk Man, and Freeze Man,) then, another single stage (as sort of an intermission,) four more bosses (Shade Man, Turbo Man, Spring Man, and Slash Man,) followed by Wily's Castle. The game is fun with catchy music and surprisingly difficult stages. Overall, if you own an SNES, look for this on here or on Ebay, it's worth it.prediction:4
reviewText:A most-own that that far surpasses perfection! It can not be wasted as it is a truly legendary gem from the good 'ol days. Worth the price and to buy a SNES for!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is amazing. Near perfect. Next to Chrono Trigger this is probably the best RPG on the SNES. The graphics are unique, the world is very imaginative, and the cast of characters really make you care about them.prediction:4
reviewText:I compared these wires to the original coaxical wire, and the picture is clearer and the fuzz disappears.  Good buy!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:You don't want to use the RF adapter on your HDTV, so this cable works perfect and will work Nintendo AV (for those lucky who own one), SNES, Famicom AV, Super Famicom, N64, GameCube.I bought a couple of these to always have handy.prediction:4
reviewText:Nintendo's first party gear is usually high quality stuff, and their SNES controllers are no exception. Although years of use and abuse has shown that they aren't as bulletproof as a Genesis controller, they're still the one and only gamepad you'll ever need for your Super Nintendo experience.I've tried using other controllers, and unless you need a Turbo or Rapid-Fire switch, this is what you need.prediction:4
reviewText:This controller is especially good for people who have small hands.  The controller is small so it fits well in a small hand.  The controller works very easily and it is very easy to get used to.  I highly recommend this controller if you have small hands.  If you have large hands, I'd go with a larger controller.prediction:4
reviewText:Got this as a second controller for my snes, and works just as good as the controller; both authentic, I got with my SNES.prediction:4
reviewText:Works great and as intended. It does everything that it intends too and I couldn't ask for more. Good buy.prediction:4
reviewText:I love this system.  I have played it for years.  Mine finally went out so I ordered another one.  As always, SNES rocks!prediction:4
reviewText:Durable and reliable as all hell, great games, still fun today and just a totally awesome system.  This system alone killed Sega.prediction:4
reviewText:This was my first system ever, and is still my favorite. It has TONS of  great games: Mega Man X, MMX2, MMX3, MM7, Super Mario World, SMW2: Yoshi's Island, Super Metroid, Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy II & III, Donkey Kong Country, DKC2, DKC3, Zelda, Starfox, Super Mario RPG, Earthbound, and many, many, many, many more! Anybody who gives this a negative review worships Satan.SNES FOREVER!prediction:4
reviewText:Favorite retro system. Lots of great games and lucked out with not getting a stained unit! I would recommend this to anyone!prediction:4
reviewText:Best system for 2D, side-scrolling games, though you can now get a lot of the games through Wii or Wii U, so be sure to look there first, assuming you have a classic controller for one of Nintendo's new consoles.prediction:4
reviewText:I've been out of the gaming "scene" for a few years now....and i want back in.  What to chose....Ps3 or Xbox 360?  Well Sh**, i'll never be satisfied because neither will ever compare to this GREAT system.  This is what i grew up on and loved for so many years.  Great games, reliable, just 100% in every aspect.  Why can't they do it like this anymore?  Seems like every medium of entertainment has just gone to hell in the 2000's.  Movies, Music, Videogames....wtf???prediction:4
reviewText:Graphics. The one thing that plagues the idiot youths of today. That is all they care about, so they go out and buy an X-Box which has about 2 semi-decent games on it. The super Nintendo has the GREATEST games anyone could ask for, such as Secret of Mana, Chrono trigger, Mega man X and X2, final fantasy 2, and the best game of all time, final fantasy 3. These games are really fun, and you can play and replay them all the time over and over again, as i have for about 6 or 7 years.Unlike the regular NES, this system actually plays everytime you turn it on. no more irritation of constant turning power off, blowing on the cartridge, and turning the power on REPEATEDLY. A grand repair of past flaws on consolesI really recommend you start the final fantasy legend on this great console, starting with final fantasy 2, then work your way up to the greatest game final fantasy 3, then get the semi-rpg classic secret of mana. After beating these classics, get mega man X and mega man X2. Legend of Zelda: a link to the past is a very wise choice also. Even after THAT (yes, there are that many great games out there for this system), get chrono trigger, another classic rpg out there. other really good choices are Earthbound, contra 3, and king of dragons.I recommend you save your money and instead of buying that STUPID worthless X-box, you buy something worthwhile, like the Super NES. Just dont forget...GET FINAL FANTASY 3prediction:4
reviewText:The Super NES is an instant classic.It's one of the best video game systems ever made.Even today.It's a very hardy system and it has no technical issues.Like all old systems you still have to blow on the cartridges once or twice to get them to work.The controller is one of the best.It fits into your hand perfectly.Cartridges are easy to eject.It has great games for it, like, Super Metroid, Super Mario Brothers, Ogre Battle, Zelda, The Super Star Wars Series, Super Conflict, Super R-Type, Killer Instinct, D&D Eye Of The Beholder.The Super NES has games for all ages and it's very affordable.Buy one while you still can!prediction:4
reviewText:this is the system  that got me hooked on nintendo..i have a nes, gamecube, n64 ,and im sure the revoloution will be at my house when that system arrives... the super nes had all of the best games  from the  contra series to super metroid to my personal favorites  the super star wars series  and  so much more! i even have imports for this system  grab this system if you can...its easy to find .. this system still holds up today rather wellprediction:4
reviewText:Read Below:EarthboundChronotriggerFinal Fantasy 2Final Fantasy 3Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven StarsArguably some of the best rpgs of all timeDonkey Kong Country(all of them)Super MetroidSuper Mario WorldMega Man XSuper Mario World 2: Yoshi's IslandTHE BEST side scrollers of all-time. MASTERPIECESMortal Kombat IIKiller InstinctStreet Fighter IIBattletoads/ Double DragonPinnacle of what great fighting games should beSuper Mario KartLegend of Zelda: A Link to the PastSuper Mario All-StarsTetris & Dr. MarioF-ZeroContra III: The Alien WarsSuper Punch-Out!Star FoxOther notable games to get for SNESAs you can see, some of today's biggest video game stars got their start on SNES(Ness, Captain Falcon, Yoshi, & Star Fox) while others just continued their legacy of greatness(Mario, Samus Aran, Donkey Kong, & Mega Man). Most of these games have some of the best video game soundtracks of all time, still look great 10-15 years later,  and give you absolute control of the hero or heroine. These games are also incredibly fun and in the end, that's all we as gamers would ever want from a system.prediction:4
reviewText:I've had a Super Nintendo ever since I was 5 years old. I still have it hooked up, and I play it every once in a while. I have a lot of classic games like Super Mario Bros. and Donkey Kong. If you want old school fun, you'll love a SUPER NINTENDO NES SYSTEM!!!prediction:4
reviewText:The Super Nintendo (SNES) is a classic game system. It is a 16 bit console, with great graphics,colors,and of course gameplay! This system has an expansive library of games much like it's 16 bit rival the Sega Genesis. If you are a collector of games & systems. Or a serious gamer like myself....I imagine you already have this in your home. If not, you should really get this system and enjoy it with many classic games! The SNES and it's predecessor NES are both true classics. The SNES games I recommend to get started with are:Super Mario WorldF-ZeroMortal Kombat 1,2, and 3Zombies Ate My NeighborsBoogermanFinal FightTeenage Mutant Ninja TurtlesStreet Fighter 2 (series)Earthworm Jim 1 & 2Mario KartLegend Of ZeldaSuper Punch-Out!NBA JamNBA Jam Tournament EditionSamurai ShowdownSuper R-TypeWWF Royal RumbleStar FoxX-MENMaximum Carnageprediction:4
reviewText:Widely considered the best system of all time. Has hundreds of great games, including Super Metroid, The Legend Of Zelda: A Link To The Past, Final Fantasy VI (III in the us), Crono Trigger, and countless others. I highly recommend this system.prediction:4
reviewText:Purchased games system because my game system was not working like it should. This system is in great shape and works well.prediction:4
reviewText:For those of you who love and cannot get enough of the Addams Family this is a video game that does not dissapoint, for those of you who loved the gameplay of Mario I highly recommend this to also. This game is fun and the fact that you choose which levels you go to,and powerups are abundant in it makes this a stellar game! the level designs are awesome and the enemies certainly are unlike any other (I mean that in the best way possible)! Some people may think this is a generic mario style game in an Addams Family Universe. I would disagree with them because it is a solid stomp platformer and both games are amazing in their own rights! you do have the chance to get various powerups and weapons such as balls to bounce and hit enemies with and of course the rapier! All in all, this is a highly enjoyable game which has not faded with time! 10/10prediction:4
reviewText:The title says it all.  This game shows everything that an RPG should be.  Great plot, with all the events that make the story touching, without resorting to the contrived death of a character to do it (FF7).  The characters are all good and likeable, unlike Cloud Strife and Squall Leonheart (I hate this &quot;I don't care&quot; attitude prevalent in Squaresoft's heroes lately).  Also, some of these characters are VERY original, namely Frog, Robo, Ayla, and even Lucca.  Even Magus gains your respect by the time all is said and done.  There is excellent music, some of the best the Super Nintendo has ever seen.  The graphics and such are wonderful for the SNES.  The gameplay is fun and innovative, with features never seen before, or at least never executed this well:--A battle system focusing on teamwork between characters, having them combine their techniques for awesome effects.--Complete removal of all random battles.--A plot that is just right: Linear enough to keep the story moving along nicely, yet with enough side quests and variations to create many multiple endings.  Endings can be affected by everything from which side quests you chose to whether or not you went home and fed the cat.--New game + option.  You don't have to start all over from scratch to try out all the different endings.There are many things besides these, entirely too many to list in a single review.  This is by far the best RPG ever made, second to none.prediction:4
reviewText:Great game I owned it once now buying back retro games for my kids to enjoy! Brings back lots of fun memories best RPG on SNESprediction:4
reviewText:Can't really say much more than that. The combat, the movement, the plot, the magic system, the items, the maps, the vehicles, the NPCs, everything just fits together perfectly and the final boss fight manages to be exciting and challenging without being impossible. Still the best game ever.prediction:4
reviewText:I finally played Chrono Trigger last year (2005)and it was fun. One thing I am not a fan of is if I do, or don't do, one thing that means I do not get the great armor, weapon etc.;I had the guide so I did get a sense of the multiple endings. If you enjoy rpg's and you like the look of Secret of Evermore (my favorite) or Final Fantasy III then you will like this game too.There is a good size world to investigate, and I did like the time factor and seeing the differences it made to the terrain and the new people to talk to. I can see why people give it a perfect score, and why it would be near and dear to some people. That is why I say at the top that I think scoring has to do with when you play a game. It all melds together for a near and dear experience or a "yeah that was fun" kind of game.  Anybody who plays a role-playing game knows to grab a pen and paper when they start the game and you will need to do some note taking for this one too.prediction:4
reviewText:Breath of Fire II is a solid game all the way. From the straightforward leveling up system to the great story, this game is among my most recommended. The thing about Breath of Fire II I really like is the soundtrack; every piece is well-made and fits very well with its perspective locations. The control is excellent, and the menus are very simple to navigate and understand. The graphics are very sharp for its time, the characters in battle are drawn to perspective, and the enemies are also quite creepy and creative. Very few SNES RPGs get the character perspective correct like Breath of Fire II does, so that is a real major plus for me. The sound effects also have that memorable Capcom chime to it like the SNES Mega Man X games, which is another plus, since I love the Mega Man X games on SNES. Overall, I highly recommend this game to any RPG or Capcom fan, you will not be disappointed in the slightest!!prediction:4
reviewText:It's hard to talk about this game without spoiling what made it so fun for me to play as a kid. This is an RPG series that was created by Square back before they became Square-Enix. After the first Breath of Fire the series was passed off to Capcom and they did a great job of keeping it good. In fact, I think this would be my favorite of the series. The story, gameplay, and soundtrack deliver and if you're a fan of Capcom then you probably have this game.prediction:4
reviewText:Part one was awesome. Part 2 is even better. Everything you love in part 1. You love in part 2. A lot more to do in here. If you do the side quest. You can see the originals characters from part one into part 2. If you find a right side quest. YOu can play as one of the original characters from BOF from part 1. Great game, great story.prediction:4
reviewText:This is actually one of the few games I finished to the very end and enjoyed it. Even though I must confess I might not have managed as well had I not used the game genie. The game genie was no help when it came to boss fights and the end bosses however. So I guess I can give myself some credit. Anyway it is a great game. Bringing up treasure chests with the fishing pole is quite an ordeal. I like to start new games just to see what I can get along the way from fighting the monsters. When you're lucky a monster might drop a rare item. This to me is more fun than anything else.prediction:4
reviewText:If you've played a game in this series already, understand that the concept remains unchanged. And why stray from a winning formula? The price tag for this game is justified because of the advanced chips used in the cart as well as this title's status as a rarity (extremely hard to find). I own every title in the series and have to say that this one barley edges out the original and here's why.X has the newfound potential to perform an upward thrusting jump once you've found the necessary component, the X armors are vastly improved, the upgrade capsules are well hidden (and sometimes frustratingly annoying to access), the game has more mini bosses than before, the music is ONCE AGAIN outstanding, and you get to control Zero for the first time (in dramatic fashion, as if to say...he has returned!). Need I say more? I never got the chance to complete this game because I actually got my hands on it later in my life when I didn't have too much time to play it. The game is pretty difficult as well, so if you found the previous two installments to be pretty easy as I did, this one is a worthy and engrossing challenge.prediction:4
reviewText:Lufia 2, the prequel to the first Lufia, is an often overlooked masterpiece. The story is both engaging and charming, and actually attempts to develop the characters in some interesting ways, rather than just having them out questing against evil the whole time. Where the game really shines is with all of its puzzles and secrets hidden throughout the dungeon. While becoming gradually more difficult as the game progresses, the puzzles also become more creative and you will rarely see the same thing twice. A tool ring that  includes items like bombs and a hookshot add a bit of a Zelda element to this RPG. I highly recommend it to any fan of SNES RPGs.prediction:4
reviewText:Awesome I used to play this as a kid, watching my kids play this brings back a lot of memories and really oil playing games I played as a kidprediction:4
reviewText:I remember getting this game and being hooked back in my SNES halycon days.  I recently got a dule NES/SNES system and bought the game again.  So how does it stack up in 2011?The Good:- It's definitely accessible, there are different difficulty levels, so you're not just going to get owned from the start- It offered a choice of 4 cars, and this is important on certain tracks, etc.The Bad:- There's only 3 songs during the races, obviously this is going to grate on your nerves.- Even on the easier settings, there is a fair amount of "rubber banding" you're not just going to kill the CPU like on other races, this could be a "good" point in selling the game too.- Infinite frustration in hitting lapped cars LOL :)Overall for the price this is a solid purchase for your SNES.  Just don't be expecting the same kind of value you get in today's PS3/XBox 360 racing games.prediction:4
reviewText:MSR is probably one of the best racing sims out there in all factors. With 3 different cities (San Francisco, London, and Tokyo) to race in, it will keep anyone busy for a very long time. The graphics are excellent. The only flaw with the graphics is the anti-aliasing. In some parts of the game, the jaggies are easily visible. Even still, racing through Tokyo at night is a beautiful sight. MSR's award system is quite different than a lot of other racing sims. You are awarded kudos for winning a race, performing a power slide, winning a championship, etc. And after you earn enough Kudos, you will earn new cars and open new chapters. There are 25 chapters in the whole game, with 10 different races in each chapter.Be warned, though. The kudos system was made far more difficult than it needed to be and could be very frustrating for a novice, unless you don't mind the challenge.. If you crash into the side, kudos will be deducted. Worst of all, you can lose kudos that you already earned if you didn't race as well as the last time. Not something you want to have happen.The cars couldn't have been better. A great selection. Alfa Romeo , Fiat, Nissan, Mazda, and many others.There's only two other drawbacks with MSR. When racing on some of the tracks at night, the curves are hard to see and makes the track a lot more difficult. And 2, I was a little surprised that you couldn't go airborne. When racing in San Francisco at high speeds, you go airborne very frequently. Sega keeps releasing exceptional game after exceptional game. Without any doubt, MSR is definitely worth buying, and would make a great addition to anyone's DC library!prediction:4
reviewText:Great game that brings me back to my childhood! love the game and it came just in time before the holidays! now I have something to do while I wait for christmas to come!prediction:4
reviewText:What may turn some gamers off from this game could be it's best feature, it's so realistic.  Unlike the other games out there theat deal with more  fantasy then true fighting, this game is all about not getting hit, and the  true art of weapons.  Finally a game where only one fatal blow can end it,  making defense almost more important then offense.  The First bushido blade  was a classic and this is not far from that.  A wide range of characters,  along with different styles and individual story lines gives the lucky  gamer hours, days, weeks, etc. of great fighting fun. you master this game  then your a true master.prediction:4
reviewText:A great game for the occasional gamer, this game combines a very interesting fighting game with a full-feature RPG.  Plus, you can play teh game as Cloud, Tifa, Vincent and Yuffie (all from FF7)!  This is a very fun game!prediction:4
reviewText:R.P.G.+Survival Horror = parasite eve, this game has the most amazing concept I have ever heard of. It's a shame that it's flaws hold it back from being so much more than it is. First of all running (if you can even call it that) around this g game is a pain i swear to god you go so slow It's ridiculous. I really hated the random encounters in the game at first they were fun then it just pissed me the hell off. The story is very engaging and very exciting. The music is agrevating as hell at the fast travel OH MY GOD IT'S SO ANNOYING! Overall I would say it's great for the price i got it dor on psn $6.99$prediction:4
reviewText:A true classic!, i really love the story and it kept me on my feet and wanting more. To me, this is one of PS1 best games in a long time in the RPG section.prediction:4
reviewText:12+ years since I last played this game on Sega Saturn and it's still an absolute blast. Great graphics, controls, humor and challenge. Seriously, you need lighting fast reflexes to avoid traffic once you purchase a Super Bike and that's what makes it soooo good! You simply pop in this game and you immediately start having fun without tedious tutorials or in-game instructions. There are newer versions of the game (Road Rash 3-D, Jailbreak) and though they are great games, they never quite grasped the charm of the original.prediction:4
reviewText:I do and always have loved this game.  It was stolen while I moved a few years back and had to replace it.The best of the sereies on any platform, just don't expect logical physics or gameplay.Great shipping and condition of product.prediction:4
reviewText:I love this game! I love the freaking graphics on the game, the caricatures are my favorite part, one of the best games of the 90sprediction:4
reviewText:I have the old Dreamcast version - this is just as fun, with added enjoyment and functions, like riding as the Cops and customizing your bike.Waay better than those RPGs that are sweeping the world!!prediction:4
reviewText:The seller sent the game in a very timely manner, and it was in excellent condition.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is amazingly good and well worth the money if you have a system capable of playing it.  The combat system is really neat (you create combos in a turn based battle system), the gears have a fun, albeit very simple, equipment system, the anime cutscenes are cool and if you're an old school rpg nerd there are some fun cameos (Lucca from chrono trigger for one).prediction:4
