reviewText:I had Dirt 2 on Xbox 360 and it was an okay game. I started playing games on my laptop and bought a few new games to build my collection. This game is very fun to play. It is so much better than Dirt 2. If you like racing games you should check this out. The graphics are perfect on my compter.prediction:0
reviewText:I can't tell you what a piece of dog**** this game is. Like everything else Microsoft makes- it doesn't work. When are they going to take a cue from Apple and make things that actually work the first time and every time. To log onto this game they make you jump through a series of hoops that takes like 15 min. to accomplish. If you want another disappointment from Microsoft, buy some "Games for Windows Live" games.  I just wanted a simple arcade like driving game when I have a young boy visiting. If that's what you want, don't buy this. If you want to hire a consultant to help you run this game, then buy it.  oh, one more thing, every time I do get this game to play my joystick stops working (there's Windows 7 for you)prediction:0
reviewText:Dirt 3 on DVDi collect racing games so had to add this to my collectionSon wated one alsoprediction:0
reviewText:Crashed in Vista.  Codemasters told me they don't support it in Windows 8.  Couldn't get it to work even after looking on the Internet.prediction:0
reviewText:This game was a rip-off.  It has less terrain, less tracks, and less features than DiRT 2.  The graphics are about the same.  Not worth the money, at all.prediction:0
reviewText:Are 9 out of 10 GAMECUBE games like this little kid's game terrible? Answer: YesI bought the game, and I regret it so much!prediction:0
reviewText:I enjoyed the first Hawx game. However they left out some key things in Hawx 21) No coop mode - I really enjoyed that2) Can't choose your own plane right off the bat. You have to use whatever they tell you.Those two things will make me not play this game anymore!prediction:0
reviewText:Considering its just a rubber cover for the XBOX 360 controller, actually, it's made well...and the price--not bad at all. Excellent product for an excellent controller.prediction:0
reviewText:put this on my controller no hand cramps after 7 hours of all night gaming. if you want to make the controller a little bigger and easier to hold this is what you want.prediction:0
reviewText:It works perfectly! Nothing is wrong with it.prediction:0
reviewText:Works perfectly for the game cube I purchased. Came very quickly and i would buy this again when i need to.prediction:0
reviewText:This allows me to preserve whatever precious space I have left on my console for other stuff. I may purchase another one in the near future.prediction:0
reviewText:well atleast one of them worked what else could you want for the price. the other one works too just not all the timeprediction:0
reviewText:The product was just as the picture and works fine.  It is long enough to play comfortably at a distance.  There is no delay in control using this product.prediction:0
reviewText:And now I can sit back far enough to see my entire TV and avoid wielders burn in my retina.  So simple, yet so obvious a necessity given how freaken short the big &#34;N&#34; made their controller's cords.  Buy them now and heal your spine!prediction:0
reviewText:One of them broke immediately, the other one still works, I guess they're just too cheap and there's no telling if it will actually work longer than two days.prediction:0
reviewText:this really cam in handy we need a extra length for the controller and it was perfect exactly what we neededprediction:0
reviewText:These extenders work as expected. I bought them when I wanted to buy Double Dash for the game cube to play on my Wii. If you're used to playing the Wii, you probably sit much further away than a standard GC controller will reach, so definitely pick some of these up.prediction:0
reviewText:Well as far as the person who sold this to me goes, the game came as described and in a well timed manner and I would shop here again.  However, the game itself is just not as fun as I remembered.prediction:0
reviewText:Legends is one of the rare Megaman releases that takes place in a 3D world as opposed to the traditional 2D side scroller most MM fans are familiar with. Both Legends and Legends 2 are among some of the best made story driven 3D adventure games the PSX has in its massive and sometimes daunting library.prediction:0
reviewText:I bought it to complete my set of Batman games for the PS1. I would recommend it to anyone who collects Batman games.prediction:0
reviewText:What do you mean &quot;A BIG GLITCH&quot;? Batman &amp; Robin is a mere better than poor! I've looked in a quiz, and two Italian plumbers (Mario and Luigi) both relate to this game. Besides, Mediocre is 10% better than poor.prediction:0
reviewText:The first time I played this game I was amazed by the sheer quality coming out of this game. The grahics were absolutly incredible and the gameplay was out of this world. This was all in 1995. Now that tekken2 and tekken3 had arrived on the scene it seemed as though tekken had faded to a fairyland. Back then in junior school everyone was in conversation about all the characters and the secret ones and how you unlocked them. And know that games like tekken2, tekken3 and soulbade coming to the playstation tekken was suddenly never an issue. All I know is that tekken was a fantastic game at launch and had also beaten virtua fighter on the saturn which was a rival to tekken. If tekken had never come out then I believe with a 100% that none of the existing games that I have mentioned above and their sequals would have been in existance. Despite these games being in existance tekken is still a soulfighter and is the game that made namco famous on the playstation.prediction:0
reviewText:works well for me, except i can't get my championships to show at the end. Im not sure if that is a glitch or not.prediction:0
reviewText:all i can say is that this game is a classic, possibly the best game ever made for the playstation 1.prediction:0
reviewText:the cd worked for about 4 days and then...BAM!! it was skipping like crazy, it froze wen i picked Jack-2 or Kunimitsu,and now it wont come on at all.IT WAS A PRETTY CRAPPY COPYprediction:0
reviewText:I played this game when i was a kid and forgot all about it. Then remembered it, ordered it, and have been having fun playing it.prediction:0
reviewText:Brought this game for myself, it brought back memories when I was 6 playing this all summer long. Game came as described and fast also.prediction:0
reviewText:I thought Red Alert was a pretty fun game. This was just a clone of red alert though. The people that make C&amp;C need to come up with some more ideas. All the C&amp;C games are exactly the same. I didn't like Red Alert to start with so Tiberian Sun has to be worse.prediction:0
reviewText:Unfortunately this game is just a hodge-podge of elements from the other games.  There are some interesting new units, and I did enjoy the much larger maps.  My biggest complaint is that it is so short.  You are just getting to use some of the more advanced units and the game is over.  You never get the big final battle like at the end of the last two incarnations.  This is by far the shortest game of the bunch.  I finished each side's campaign over the course of three nights, about 9-12 hours of game play.prediction:0
reviewText:It is a fun game the first time around and it still is; having some problems with the movies running on my computer.Ronna C.prediction:0
reviewText:This is without a doubt one of the best games ever made - adventure or otherwise. It is fun, amusing, original, colorful, and challenging without being annoying. The only games that came close to it may be the Monkey Island series or The Last Express. The game is beautifully designed, with unforgettable characters, amazing landscapes, and reminds me of being inside a really well-written movie. Sadly, LucasArts stopped making games like this, a loss for the world.prediction:0
reviewText:In my humble oppinion this game is better the Quake II. The graphics is better, and the sound is so much better. If you have a Sound Blaster Live! card, then get this game, because it was designed to run on this card.prediction:0
reviewText:I have had this game since 1999. I really enjoy playing it. I have been playing it again and again off and on for few years now. I just recently decided to play it again. So I installed it on my Windows 7 professional 32 bit version computer. After doing the following compatibility for it works just fine on windows 7 professional. Install the latest quick time do not install the version on the cd. Also during install it looks for hard drive space since this was during a time that hard drive was not very big it will say there not enough hard drive space just hit ignore it will continue with the install. If you have Windows 7 Professional 32 bit version all I did was click compatibility run under Windows XP(Service pack 3) and run this program as an administrator was all I checked. However if you have the windows 7 64bit version you will need to enable to run at the 32bit version level most likely.prediction:0
reviewText:this is the stuppidiest game i've ever played. I advise everyone not to play it or buy it. It really sucked.prediction:0
reviewText:When my cousin first got this on his birthday, I was thinking &quot; this is just gonna be like all the other snowboarding games I've played&quot;.  Man was I wrong!  With 8 levels of exciting, heart stopping jump, twists and turns, this is one game you don't wanna miss.  It has all the best modes, Match Race&lt;this is where you earn hidden levels against the computer&gt;, 2 Player, Trick Attack, Time Attack,and Contest, this is one game that won't get tiring fast.  Heed this warning:if you buy this game, don't go after the 1080 just yet, it's hard to master.  What more do I have to say?  Buy this game!prediction:0
reviewText:this game is the hardest game ive ever played, and that takes away the fun. also graphics very poor even for nintendo 64 cannot even recommend for people i dislike dont waste your time or money worst n64 game everprediction:0
reviewText:hard to find game most anywhere and only had the opportunity to rent it a while back and wanted to play again. a lot like D and D I was told.prediction:0
reviewText:Not one of the best games. I would have rather played Mario just once. I only play it for about two minutes. I fall asleep afterward.prediction:0
reviewText:I got this game when I was like..6 years old, and I still play it(I'm 14 now.)I think all the Crash Bandicoots were a new cahnge for psx, and I hope that they continue to stick with psx.prediction:0
reviewText:I have played this game before and it is very fun! That is why I came to Amazon to order myself another copy of the game so that I could go back in time and enjoy a classic game. However, I bought it from the seller &#34;Warehouse Deals, Inc&#34; and I did NOT get my game and there is no place for me to get in contact with them. Watch Out!prediction:0
reviewText:The game is overrated. Don't get sucked into all the hype. It's more nostalgic for the people who played it when it first came out. The graphics are honestly really bad and the controls make you feel like you're drunk. I guess that's where the fun is though, because honestly I really did like the game. I played through it and although the gameplay schematics were a bit...strange, it was oddly addicting. Multiplayer is a lot of fun though when you have friends sitting down in the basement all hooked up. It can get pretty intense on split screen, seriously. 5 stars for the split screen! 4 stars overall because the gameplay was repetitive and the graphics were vomit. They could have been better for the time period and the N64 was capable of handling better than this. Still, worth the buy. Get it.prediction:0
reviewText:...for it's timeGoing back and replaying this game is weird and fun. it's fun to see how bad the graphics were, and how you didn't see it that way back in the day.considering how easy it is to buy old games, this is a must buy!prediction:0
reviewText:This game is boring get the one for GameCube if you can that is much more fun.prediction:0
reviewText:I remember playing multiplayer tournaments on this when I was younger and still play against my son when I can.prediction:0
reviewText:I purchased this game after a nostalgia case I had (lol) and it worked just fine. I would buy another if this one failed.prediction:0
reviewText:The movie "Goldeneye" was a box-office hit and now it comes to nintendo. Every wonder how James Bond found Natalia, how Xenia died, or how Bond killed Trevalyn. Now you get to do it yourself. You travel to Siberia to recover blueprints, go on a battleship to save hostages, launch a space shuttle, and shoot all the bad guys you want with over 30 weapons from Gernades, lasers, all handguns, machine guns and rocket and nuclear bombs. Try out the game to see what you would do if you were Bond. Here's your chance to be 007.prediction:0
reviewText:Hands-down the best N64 game.  Goldeneye is very similar to the movie, like the Siberian dam mission, the satellite control facility, etc.. The graphics are the best I've seen for the N64, except for Zelda 64 (the first one).  The auto-aim feature and 4-person multiplayer make the game perfect for the common area of a dorm room.prediction:0
reviewText:this by far one of the best gran turismo on ps1 driving the skyline with 947hp wow i still remember my supra back in 2001 on my brothers old ps1 i used to watch my brother play this game and winning the races and selling cars he would always race on the test track and the ring speedway track i still do it on my ps3 ..prediction:0
reviewText:The first installment in the GTA franchise, this game is awsome, the story is simple and the gameplay is fun.prediction:0
reviewText:This game has all the violence and language of the current popular Grand Theft Auto games packing into a convenient 2D package! :)prediction:0
reviewText:even with all the improvements in systems, games, graphics, etc., this one remains a classic in all sense of the word.prediction:0
reviewText:This is one of the best games out for the N64.  The races and tournaments themselves are challenging and extremely fun.  The many characters that you can unlock all have their own abilities and everything else to set them aside.  The tracks are not repetitive and give each race a fresh new layer of fun.Multi-player is an even better experience...Who could imagine that battles with cars and turtle shells would actually be fun?  Well it is fun and will keep you playing for hours on end.  This game will make your friends ask if they can come over and play.  A sure hit with a gamer of any age.prediction:0
reviewText:This is my favorite of the series. My cousin and I used to play it all the time and it is how I remember. Hit detection is a little offprediction:0
reviewText:Like many other people, I absolutely adore racing games and the Mario games.  Then I saw this come out.  It was perfect!  It was a racing game with the characters from the Super Mario series!  I was so excited to play it.  My friends and I played it all night.  It was so addicting.  In fact, I still play this game today.prediction:0
reviewText:I'd recommend buying it used to save some money.  The tracks are nice and the game play is all right.  It's just not the same as playstation racing games though.prediction:0
reviewText:mario kart is not fun there is no secret characthers or secret places[i think]. I tried the game for an hour and was completly bored now i don't like racing games. The producers should have tried a little harder on this game i was completly unsatified.prediction:0
reviewText:I have the wii version and is HORRIBLE. JUST LIKE YOU HIT AN OPPONENT WITH A SHELL, PASS, AND WITH NO ITEM, THE CPU BOOSTS WAY AHAED. HORRIBLEprediction:0
reviewText:THANK YOU FOR THIS GAME,MY NEPHEWS KEEP PLAYING THIS GAME, THEY SAY THAT IT IS SO MUCH FUN, THEY KEEP FIGHTING TO SEE WHO IS GOING TO WIN THE GAME. THANK YOU SO MUCHprediction:0
reviewText:Rogue Squadron.  Every Star Wars fan knows the elite starfighter group of pilots.  Now you get the opportunity to experience what it feels like to hop into the cockpit of an X-Wing,Y-Wing,A-Wing, V-Wing, Millenium Falcon, T.I.E. Interceptor, and the Naboo Starfighter.  As you fly through over 15 missions, ranging from Tatooine to Mon Calamari, you'll earn ranks in the squardron&lt;the highest I've gotten is Gold Leader&gt;.  With each mission you complete, you'll earn a medal&lt;bronze, silver or gold&gt;and be promoted.  Do you have what it takes to buy this game, and prove you've got what it takes to be a top fighter pilot?prediction:0
reviewText:This game is the best game on my n64 next to nightmare creatures, this game feels like final fantasy, with Kingdom hearts it was the best selling game on the n64. If you still have one you should pick this one up.prediction:0
reviewText:This is by far the best Zelda installment yet. Much more fun than Majora's Mask, mainly because you can freely explore the world of Hyrule. (see review of Majora's Mask)This game can be fun for anyone.prediction:0
reviewText:I've beaten the game 20 times and I'm still not bored of playing it. If you haven't played this game then PLAY IT!!!!!!! you wont be sorry you did. This is much better than all the other FINAL FANTASY and rpg crap out there.prediction:0
reviewText:One of the best games of all time.You get the thrill of beating all the bosses, playing the ocarina, and riding Epona around Hyrule. Never going to regret getting this game. One of my favorites.prediction:0
reviewText:man, i remember getting this game when i was around 9 years old, and alll those hours i spent beating this game over and over again. I Gurantee I've beaten this game at least 100 times, Honestly! Though the N64 is outdated, from time to time I take it out of my closet and plug it in just to play this game. I hope the twilight princess will be just the same!prediction:0
reviewText:BY FAR ONE OF BEST ZELDA GAMES OF ALL TIME. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME. WELL WORTH THE MONEY.prediction:0
reviewText:If you like the story then get this. For me, multiplayer is where it counts and I have more fun with Rage Wars. FRAG TAG IS AWESOME!!prediction:0
reviewText:The biggest grip that I had was the controls.  They just didn't feel right and I got killed more often then not just trying to walk or jump.  Alltogether a decent game though.prediction:0
reviewText:Twisted Metal 3 is overrated - because it's not normally considered the worst Playstation game.  I can't believe how unfun this game is.  The  control is laughable.  The gameplay is incredibly boring.  The music is Rob  Zombie, which is bad enough before you hear it 5,000 times in a row.  The  game also adds almost nothing new.  Don't even rent this one.prediction:0
reviewText:this is one old school fun game to fight against your friends.  you can not create any thing.  hours of fun from royal rumble to regular matches and there is quite a bit of people to play as.prediction:0
reviewText:this is an amazing game. one that you can enjoy playing from the start to the finish.prediction:0
reviewText:This game was a very fun game. You basicly go to a castle and you jump into a paintings.. each one leading you into a different world... and in every world... you have to find 7 stars... (one of em is the 100 coin star where you need to collect 100 coins then it pops up it's the hardest star to get)there's 16 worlds in all... most worlds take hours to complete so this game well be well worth it.. This game right here is history... It's one of Nintendo's biggest hits... and when you buy this game you'll soon find out why:)prediction:0
reviewText:It was incredible to see this game when it came out in 1996, my brother and I had our minds blown. We lived in this game, and Mario Kart and thought entertainment would never be the same. Years ago, this was the one word on Videogames, it revolutionized everything and no one has duplicated it. A must-own and play. It's...just incredible.prediction:0
reviewText:One of the best mario games ever made, it was such a huge jump from the previous consoles looked and played amazingly, hours of entertainment for anyone that enjoys adventure type games.prediction:0
reviewText:the original party game. the nostalgia that this game brings back makes it a must buy!one of the best games of all timesprediction:0
reviewText:Probably the most epic of the first generation of 3D platformers, and certainly one of the most well-known. With 120 stars to collect, you can spend quite a bit of time working up the perfect game. Just don't go for that &#34;unlocking Luigi&#34; nonsense. It was all an urban legend.prediction:0
reviewText:Where are all the green pipes!!!Why is there no coin counter for running around the Castle! There are coins all over the place! I want to collect a 100 coin castle star! Did you even think before you sent this to production BRO! Is this even this games final form?!?THE CAKE WAS A LIE!!!prediction:0
reviewText:One of my all time favorite games for the Nintendo 64! I missed playing this and finally ordered the game just to feel the nostalgia, ha. The game works perfectly, and I feel like a little kid again fighting bowser :Dprediction:0
reviewText:MY NEPHEW IS HAVING A BLAST PLAYING MARIO AGAIN. THANK YOU HE PLAYS IT ALL THE TIME AFTER SCHOOL, ITS HARD FOR ME TO TAKE HIM AWAY FROM THE GAMEprediction:0
reviewText:The kids play this game at least once a week since they've had it so yes its worth the moneyprediction:0
reviewText:Greetings, I am Oklonia. My review of Super Mario 64 is right here.Super Mario 64 is a game that all master N64 gamers have to own!I don't even need to tell the story. What's happened? The same traditional story: Bowser kidnaps Princess Toadstool,Mario finds the princess, rescues her, and destroys Bowser.Capcise.The courses and star's names are quite creative. (e.g. Lil' Penguin Lost) They are more riddles though.The graphics are so sharp looking and realistic, that maybe just a few could go on GameCube. (GCN)Despite a few annoying sounds and no multiplayer mode, Super Mario 64 is really super!This has been Oklonia.prediction:0
reviewText:Right off the bat, before it came out, you'd probably wonder how would you ever imagine Mario in 3D. Well, here's your answer: Mario 64.There's 15 huge courses with 7 missions in each (Counting 100 coin stars), with stars for rewards. Those stars help you unlock more levels.At the time, no one ever saw anything like this before. Although the graphics look fairly primitive now, they were still eye candy for most Mario fans, especially back then.Super Mario 64 plays how a 3D game should be played like: With a free camera, flawless control, and extremely playable environments.Getting all 120 stars is the real challenge. (SPOILER ALERT) If you do manage to get them all, you get to visit Yoshi on the castle roof and he will give you 100 lives along with an improved triple jump move.Overall, you know what I want you to do, so do it. Buy the gameprediction:0
reviewText:We had this game before and as the years went by, it became defective. After searching and searching it finally became available and we had to get it.prediction:0
reviewText:Stupid Sony... they forced 3D games out before anybody was ready. Nintendo was forced to cancel many Super Nintendo games (Doom FX, Star Fox 2, Mario FX) and release the Nintendo 64. Many popular 2D games failed in full 3D. Castlevania, Mega Man... they failed and have not been revived. Did Mario succeed? YES! This game is a legend. I heard about it in 2009 (not 1996) in a Nintendo Power magazine simply titled "Mario". I did not own a Nintendo 64 (this was 2009). The only system I had was an original Wii that we used for Mario Kart. I was somehow able to persaude my parents to buy me a Wii Point Card with 2000 points on it (enough for Mario 64 and Super Mario Bros 3). I downloaded it and was greeted with a happy Mario face that said "HELLO!". Soon I was distorting him to where he had no moustache and had big ears. Then I started the game and got a message from Peach. In her girly princess voice she read the letter, which told Mario she had baked a cake for him. The plumber could not resist and jumped out of a warp pipe onto the castle grounds. I had never played a 3D Mario Game. I stuck to Animal Crossing, Mario Kart, My Sims, and Wii Sports (I was 8 years old). After a little bit of exploring I entered the castle. Instead of a cake Mario got a scary message from Bowser (Who ate cake, I guess). Soon I was hiking up a hill to meet a giant king bomb complete with a moustache and crown. He told me (using fancy king words) that in order to get the bomb I had to defeat him. I defeated him and moved on to the next level, a giant fortress ran by slabs of concrete with faces. Then I started level 3, a snow level. What a level that was! Finding baby penguins, building snowmen, sliding down a slide. Then my parents walked in. My mom said "YUCK! What are those dots supposed to be?". Those dots were snow flakes. My dad said "Are those graphics... 64 bit?" I had not even realized the graphics were bad because I was lost in the creative levels. Each level had an original design with interesting puzzles and obstacles put in the way of the star. Each boss was different and interesting. The graphics are outdate, so what? This, along with Mario 3, really changed my view of video games. Now (in 2012) I have almost no respect for high-powered consoles like the Xbox 360. Kids should play these old games. How hard is it to get kids a $20 card so that they can enjoy a unique classic like this? The challenge is not too much. If you get stuck on one level you can try another. This is a beautiful game that put the Nintendo 64 to its limits.prediction:0
reviewText:One of the best games of its time, and is still considered by many to be one of the best games ever made. I highly recommed this game.prediction:0
reviewText:Talk about being able to play a game forever, this seems to be the case with SC3000.  This game is well done, with many features, controls, interfaces, and ultimately, complete control for you the Mayor.  I have played this game over and over and built incredible cities like New San Francisco.  I know you will experience tons of fun when you buy this one.prediction:0
reviewText:the only SHUMP on the 64 i figured i'd check it out... it plays like a genesis game with crude 3D backgrounds. not very interesting to look at. if you want SHUMP there's only one system for you and it's called the dreamcast. this one you can pass on.prediction:0
reviewText:I Used to play this game with my dad all the time when I was younger! I Actually ordered it recently to play with him again when my Nintendo 64 stopped working. Haprediction:0
reviewText:This Game Isn't Very Exciting.I Don't Like This Game.It's Boring .What You Do In This Game Is Try To Go Through Boring Levels That Don't Look Very Detailed.I Warn You.You Won't Like This Game.I Warn You.Don't Pick This Up.This Game Is Really Old  And Just Such A Bad Game .prediction:0
reviewText:This game in my opinion is the best of all the castlevania series so far except maybe legacy of darkness. The soundtrack is awesome. The graphics are very well done and it gives you a sense of being there and actually relaying the fear instead of being dull and boring. Also you have to at least rent this game the cinema scenes are awesome!prediction:0
reviewText:I have always wanted to play this game since it's release. However, due to money restraints and the negative reviews I heard about it, I did not get it. Years later, I decided to finally try it out after watching videos of it on youtube. I was actually impressed, and wished I had played it years ago. It is fun to play. Although it is a bit choppy in control, and the camera angle is somewhat annoying, this is a fun game.prediction:0
reviewText:The original Playstation Spyro the Dragon trilogy is the best game series out there, especially for younger gamers, and people that just like to play easy games to pass time (like me). This game started it all with Spyro, and its still one of the best video games ever made in my opinion. If you have never played a video game, or just want a little something different to play, this is a nice and easy one for you.prediction:0
reviewText:I have been searching for this game far and wide and now I have finally acquired it. It's a pretty awesome game with a lot of action and you must use a lot of stealth.prediction:0
reviewText:One of the best survival horror games of all time. If ya don't know, now ya know...prediction:0
reviewText:Turn the lights off and play RE 2 to the very end. For me RE2 was the best in series so far.prediction:0
reviewText:"Resident Evil 2", truly is a classic scare.  Resident Evil 2 showcases just why the series became big, and why Resident Evil is the leader of the Survival-Horror genre by a landslide."Resident Evil 2", was just full of new ideas.  The 2 discs, and the 2 people to play as, where each of their actions affect the other person's adventure, for example was just amazing.I'm also not kidding when I call this game a "scare".  "Resident Evil 2" will have you on the edge of your seat, and it may even have you wetting your trousers a bit at certain times."Resident Evil 2" is an essential pickup for any fan of the Survival-Horror genre.  "Resident Evil 2" did so much for the genre, that it shall be  remembered forever.prediction:0
reviewText:The game is now available for download via PSN for only $5.99!I spent 4 hours playing the game; meaning I got my monies worth!prediction:0
reviewText:lolprediction:0
reviewText:Crash Bandicoot is one of my oldest games on my oldest system, the Playstation. Still, I have never grown tired of playing levels, which used to be challenges that now I pass with a breeze. The levels are awe inspiring. Water is flowing without a crack, the jungle is incredibly lush, and the characters have no mistakes from their hair to their sneakers. Story is interesting too-you have to save Crash's girlfriend Tawna from Dr. Neo Cortex. The only disadvantage is the limited controls-jump and spin. This game brought two sequels and two other games that involve racing and mini games. No wonder.prediction:0
reviewText:YOU CAN NOT MISS THE CHANCE TO OWN ONE OF THIS IF YOU LIKE CRASH BANDICOOT GAMESprediction:0
reviewText:Augh! I found the first few levels of Crash 1 harder than the 3rd world levels Crash 2 and 3. It also uses a system of having to pass one level to get to the next. This becomes frustrating because I found myself having to repeat the same level over and over again because I either died or... hell, I don't know. I just had to repeat the level because it wouldn't let me continue.Also, there is no giant screen where you can save. You have to find the bonus platform, and make it all the way through the bonus part to save. Happen to fall through the cracks on the bonus? Sorry! You're just going to have to hope you don't die or else you'll have to repeat EVERYTHING. OVER. AGAIN.A little kid is going to get frustrated and give up on this game if you get it for him. Be nice to your children. Buy them Crash 2. Or 3. Or games from the Spyro series, that would work too.If you really really want to play all the games in the Crash series just rent it.. even though it's dirt cheap to buy.. (haha) Put the money towards something BETTER.prediction:0
reviewText:On hog ride. People has misplaced faces and they look like they took drugs. This game sucked. :) Sonic is better!!!prediction:0
reviewText:after falling from ballon cortex will crash into a dark cave which cantains power now crash is heading into five warp rooms and new bosses like tiny,komodo bros and n.gin. now crash can even fly in the jet pack.prediction:0
reviewText:Everytimes we loaded the game it would play for maybe 5 mins and then would keep freezing and not play and my gaming system is not messed up I cant return the game I threw away the bag I wish companies would test their damn games before selling them disapointed.prediction:0
reviewText:Me and my friends used to play this game non stop for hours at a time when it first came out.  It was so addicting and so much fun playing with friends.  You can even upgrade your bikes I think.  Such a fun game.prediction:0
reviewText:I bought it because it was cheaper than buying the original version which it is identical to except for item placements...prediction:0
reviewText:This brought back so many memories. The godfather of all games. This is a must have for any avid game collector.prediction:0
reviewText:I purchased this version on my PlayStation 1. This updated version was released a year and a half after the original game's release. Director's Cut was produced to compensate for the delay of the sequel, Resident Evil 2, and was originally bundled with a playable demo of that game.The main addition to Director's Cut is an "arranged" version of the game that changes the location of nearly every vital item in the mansion, as well as the enemy placement. The main characters, as well as Rebecca, are given a new wardrobe and the player's handgun is replaced by an improved model where any shot fired has a random chance of decapitating a zombie, killing it instantly. The original version of the game is included as well, along with a new "beginner" mode where the enemies are easier to kill and the amount of ammunition that can be found by the player is doubled. Additionally, the auto-aim function was restored in all modes, though it is not noted in the in-game controls so the player must accidentally stumble upon it.I recommend all RE fans to get this version.prediction:0
reviewText:like play game as fun and enjoy. haven't play for long time and final get so like play what I can say that allprediction:0
reviewText:Twisted Metal 2 is one of the best Twisted Metal games, I still like Black better. I liked the movie where Axel goes back to his father and rips his arms out of his machine. I hate the T rating. Buy this game NOW!prediction:0
reviewText:with this racing game you actually race across the country from state to state. some of the vehicles that you can drive are a bus cop cars there are two different color cop cars both different top speeds an old roadster and lots more.  there are at least 12 maps to choose from.  enjoy.prediction:0
reviewText:Do not get this game it sucks.  Try San Francisco Rush or California Speed.prediction:0
reviewText:Do you remember sitting behind the steering wheel at the arcade and playing this game? I know I do! Brings back a lot of memories!prediction:0
reviewText:a fun game to battle against your friends.  up to 4 players can play at a time.  this is one fun game to have.prediction:0
reviewText:In 1997, Nintendo was on the cutting edge in the video gaming industry. The Nintendo 64 proved that no mateer what a CD-ROM gaming system was able to do, a cartridged based gaming system could do better. That June, the case really proved the theory with the release of Starfox 64. The game was the very first to incorporate Nintendo's Rumple Pak, a force-feedback device that let's players feel each and every vibration at hand.In the game, you play Fox McCloud, a young determined fighter pilot who is sent on several missions to destroy Andross, a inane, mad genius that demands full control of the Lylat system. There are 15 remarkable stages that let you encounter in the entire game, alone over twenty-five different paths you decide on your way to Andross. The graphics are so realistic and full of promise, that you see the game so vividly, you feel like you're a part of it. In Starfox 64, you also have the use of 3 different vehicles, depending on your course, Arwing, Landmaster Tank, or the Blue Marine sub, only used in the Aquas sea level. The game also has a fierce battle level, for up to 4 players, where you shoot down your fellow squadron leaders, Peppy, Falco, and Slippy.It took nearly two years for other companies to develop the feel of the game, the exact same way Nintendo did with Starfox 64. The game is exactly one of a kind in the pilot seat. While Nintendo stopped releasing the Rumble Pak with the game nearly six months later, Starfox 64 is still truly a Nintendo gamer's paradise.prediction:0
reviewText:People played this in the store for days on end even though most could not afford it for the N64. Star Fox was an amazing blast em up for the N64 that was visually stunning to watch.prediction:0
reviewText:At first I didnt like this game, then I got into it. It's like an electic boardgame. The one thing I hate is playing against the consol. Always play with four real people.prediction:0
reviewText:The solo game is the cheapest, most annoying game to play.  The computer flat out cheats, and it's totally agonizing to watch the computer play it's mini games and take their endless turns.With some friends, it's more fun since you can make fun of each other when you lose.  If fact, I'll only play that can with at least two other people.  I suggest a rental as long as you have a group of friends to play with.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is so much fun! This is where it all started this game is one of the best mario parties. There's 6 characters who are arguably to this day still the most popular mario characters. There's 50 minigames and 8 fantastic boards!prediction:0
reviewText:miss play game for long time I haven't play so now final get and play as enjoy. alright thumb upprediction:0
reviewText:This game brought me hours of fun I don't know what everyones problem is.prediction:0
reviewText:Where do I begin? The graphics are top-notch for the time it was released, and the environments vary from being colorful to plain dark with a very fitting soundtrack that hums perfectly with its perspective locations, and the controls are pretty solid, and you can even use the analog stick, which is pretty neat for a game that was originally released in Japan in 1998 with a 1999 US release. The enemies can be rather creepy, which adds to the overall appeal of it. The story is rather entertaining with plot twists that will keep the player going, and the idea of mist being such a poisonous element to the world seems interesting in itself as there are some deserted towns that were deserted from the movement of such a lethal element. The battles have various combinations that characters can use to defeat opponents, and some of the bosses will require having special moves to defeat them, as they can rake up in difficulty very quickly. Overall, I highly recommend this game to any RPG fan looking for an original story with exciting gameplay. My two cents.prediction:0
reviewText:Avarage rpg with long and boring combact system, less than avarage story, dull characters, poor dialogue and dull graphics. Dont' waste your money in such weak product.prediction:0
reviewText:I extremely recommend this, especially for the games that have come out lately, which may run slow without it. Other games won't even let you play the full version enless you have an expansion pack. I speeds up the game speed and raises the graphic quality by a lot. It makes a dramatic difference to your game. Go and buy it today.prediction:0
reviewText:I did not get anything from this product personally and I haven't enjoyed this one at all.prediction:0
reviewText:Products offered by many marketplace sellers are not original Nintendo Brand. Often they are unlicensed third party knock-off expansion packs. Ive personally had these damage a system and ruin games. Look for sellers offering the real thing by Nintendo. Ive warned you. You can save a few bucks and take your chances. Deviation from the actual product isn't even allowed on Amazon. Their very listings are a violation to begin with. Their feedback speaks for itself.prediction:0
reviewText:This makes the N64 graphics look like PS2. Too bad not all the games are compatible with this. Plus it adds 4MB more to your memory card and improves graphics sound. If u want one of these get the ones nintendo made. If u want the most out of your N64, look for this where ever u can. U will not regret it.prediction:0
reviewText:This expansion pack allows you to play better games and increases the graphics on the N64.A+++prediction:0
reviewText:MY N64 restarted for no reason every now and again and the Xpack fixed that. Totally worth owning if you own any of the later N64 titles.Its totally worth it for the High rez version of EP1 racer and the ability to play DK64 and PD.prediction:0
reviewText:This red pak is intended for expending RAM space for N64 games, I strongly recommend it for a gamers' enjoyment.prediction:0
reviewText:It was very difficult to take out the filler of the slot. I enjoyed being able to finally play my copy of majora's mask.prediction:0
reviewText:Must have for certain games like Legend of Zelda Majora's Mask! It is required or you will not be able to play the game at all. Supposed to enhance graphics for all games as well.prediction:0
reviewText:If you have an N64 you must get an Expansion Pak. The Expansion Pak increases the graphics and the speed of some of the newers games on the N64. Some of the newest one's will not play with out it. Like some people have said this is just like adding RAM to a PC. It's easy and fast and I've had no problems with mine. If you have an N64 buy an expansion pak. You will not regret it.prediction:0
reviewText:well if you need it and your games require it or just want a boost of video memory in your N64 then get this it helps :Dprediction:0
reviewText:I needed this to play Majora's Mask, I'm glad I could find one with a reasonable price even 15 years later. Several late-N64 games need one of these, if your game is one of these than here ya go!prediction:0
reviewText:and it makes the Turok 2 and 3 look better. If you have an N64 and want to experience some of the best it has to offer than this expansion pack is essential.prediction:0
reviewText:It works like the one for the N64.  It's a little bit bigger that you're not able to put the cover back on the N64.  I haven't tried it yet with Perfect Dark and any other games that require the expansion pack.  It's alright though.prediction:0
reviewText:Lots of games require this to be installed so it is a MUST. 5 stars because it is needed to play one of the Zeldas!prediction:0
reviewText:No complaints here, some parts of it became rather frustrating however.  A nice venture into a new series, too bad it was slowed down by poor story telling in later games.prediction:0
reviewText:Star Wars RACER features excellent graphics. You get your choice of pods and their corresponding character. During the race, the graphics are very smooth and the controls are very easy to master. During the first few races, expect to break lap records in finish first. In the harder levels, expect nose-to-nose finishes. The only drawback is that the game is pretty much the same from start to finish. This is a must have and still today, it will show off your graphics card!prediction:0
reviewText:THIS GAME IS JUST AWSOME.AND GIVE JAKE A BREAK HE WAS A LITTLE KID AT THE TIME.LIKE TO SEE U GUYS DO A BETTER JOBprediction:0
reviewText:Besides this again being a re-purchased item and a older game; it was fun to play again despite horrible older graphics.prediction:0
reviewText:The original and best Pokemon game in the series in my opinion. Collect all of the original Pokemon to become a master!prediction:0
reviewText:This game is horrible first of all the play is slow. This game gets confusing after a while the levals are just too chanelging! The graphics are weak and a poor excuse for a star wars game. The voice overs are soo weak! It takes way too long to load and get thourgh a leval. This doens't even follow the movie real well it goes out of the way and follows the smallest details. This is a must not buy and a huge letdown. Star Wars derserves a better game for thier first movie a almost 20 years and especially with all the new technology around. Don't buy this game!prediction:0
reviewText:I have played this game all the way through about 4 times and it never gets old! It's such an entertaining game.  If you don't own this game I would highly recommend it.  The game shipped quickly and there was virtually no damage to the disk or the box.prediction:0
reviewText:Of course anyone who owns an N64 wants an epic Star Wars game mixed with the sheer speed of Mario Kart, and this game is the baby from both Lucasarts and Nintendo's endeavors. With the Expansion Pak, Graphics look well rounded and nice to look at, and the track selections throughout the game bring that nostalgic feeling back into the air as you relive your fantasy of being a space cowboy wielding a lightsaber. Perfect for any hardcore race fan or Star Wars geek!prediction:0
reviewText:I remember playing this game on someone elses N64 before! So I wanted to buy it for mine! I heard people giving this game a lot of false crap. Bragging lies from the pointless haters group that are just in it for the spotlight. I played this game and had lots of fun I even played 2 player against my friend Mark after he tried he said, "This has become my favorite RACING GAME!" OOOH! That says a lot too the backslammers of this product! HAAA!prediction:0
reviewText:This game is the best. The only thing I didn't like about this game is that the graphics were not the best. If you're a first time N64 buyer, get this game! It's really fun, and pretty competitive. It is even better when you have friends to play with.prediction:0
reviewText:This game was fantastic when it came out.  As a kid nothing made me more excited than seeing all of my Nintendo characters in one game fighting it out.  This game shined the most multiplayer where you could play against 3 other people. The only problem with getting this game now is that there are sequels out there that are far superior to this one with even more characters.  If your feeling nostalgic, then get this game.prediction:0
reviewText:Only the best fighting game ever, provides hours of fun for you and you friends. Pick your favorite Nintendo character and start smashin'!prediction:0
reviewText:I don't care if you are 4 years old or 40 years old, put this game on and pick up a controller and you'll be playing for hours. I bought this copy for my cousin, who recently replaced the system that his parents sold years ago. He couldn't have been happier. I still like this one better than the Gamecube and Wii versions, because its simpler.prediction:0
reviewText:Super Smash Bros......before it, there were fighting games like Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat, and Virtua Fighter. Their rules were a bit similar, and every fighting game was like that.......until Smash Bros came along!Super Smash Bros reinvented the rules of fighting games, combining platforming with fighting moves, such as punching, kicking, etc. What's even more of a no-brainer is how several Nintendo franchises crossed over to star in this one game. Each character has their own abilities, such as Mario throwing fireballs, and Fox using his laser gun.There are a variety of stages to choose from, and most of them have their own gimmicks. The Mushroom Kingdom (unlcokable) has pipes you can go into, and Pokemon Stadium lets you open a door that certain Pokemon pop out of and attack.The 1-Player Mode is a series of battles, like how fighting games usually are. Unfortunately, the rosters of the battles don't change.However, overall, you'll get a huge kick out of this game, especially when it comes to playing multiplayer. 4 players duking it out...what more can you ask for? Well, besides Brawl and Melee.prediction:0
reviewText:The game works perfectly and there hasn't been and problems with it so far, and overall it's a really fun game, one of the best Nintendo 64 games in my opinion.prediction:0
reviewText:This is one of the best battle games ever made.( in my opinion) My friends and I used to play this all the time when we were younger and we were having a party and thought it would be a lot of fun to play again. The only problem was none of us could find our copy so I got a new one.prediction:0
reviewText:The game that started the Smash franchise.If you still own/play on an N64, this game is a must have.Endless hours of smashing your friends, this game never gets old!prediction:0
reviewText:The best game for N64. Super Smash Bros. is the best fighting game for four friends. Can't go wrong with this one!prediction:0
reviewText:Car handling is a bit sloppy and hard to control. Feels like an arcade game. I can usually play this for about an hour befor getting fed up with the blocklike graphics. Best part of this game, sadly, is the music and announcers. Would recommend for little kids or someone who doesn't care about graphics or storyline.prediction:0
reviewText:it takes me back when i was a kid i used to play pokemon all day i like the color of the gameboy color it rocksprediction:0
reviewText:The GameBoy Color (picture is a Pocket?) is a pricelessly entertaining handheld, for a retro gamer like myself. Blast from the past!prediction:0
reviewText:It brings me back to when I was a kid and lives up to how it was in the 90s.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is fun because it has the orginal Super Mario Bros in it. The nostalgia is there on the small Game Boy screen. The down part is the fluff, like images to print out. All this is a total waste of memory on the cartridge.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is fun and it looks just like the nes game.  In fact the only thing diff. is that you can play mini games and the camera is zoomed in.  The game is worth [the money] big time.prediction:0
reviewText:Yes, people, this game sucks big time. This game came with the original Nintendo system back in late 1980s. I had a hard time trying to beat this game because the control was down right horrible. Most of the time you'll jump off edges by accident. And who ... would pay ... to relive the nightmare of this game? Apparent, 82 people who reviewed this game and my friend did.prediction:0
reviewText:Super Mario Brothers Deluxe is an exact copy of the original Nintendo game.  All the same graphics, levels, and even cheats are the same.  Even if you beat the original game, this version has a few things added.  There's a mode where you race a friend or the computer, a table which has  all the Toads that you've unlocked which will let you print out banners and  such on the game boy printer, a fortune teller where if you are very lucky  you earn five extra lives, and a challenge mode where you have to have a  high score, gain red coins and find a yoshi's egg.  There is also a picture  gallery similar to Zelda Dx. which has pictures of enemies and scenes from  the game.  This game is pure fun.prediction:0
reviewText:Super Mario Bros. for the NES revolutionized video gaming, no questions asked. Accordingly, a rerelease for the Game Boy Color seemed fitting. All 32 levels from the NES classic are back, in all their pixelated glory. The music is left unchanged from the NES as well! Plus, once you beat the 32 normal levels, you get to play through them again in an expert mode with tougher enemies more common and smaller lifts. Beat those and you get 32 NEW levels, from the Japanese version of Super Mario Bros. 2 (these are often called &quot;The Lost Levels&quot; in America.) In addition to these amazing features, there is a challenge mode where you must find a hidden Yoshi egg, 5 red coins, and get a high score. There's even a mode where you have to race to the end of a unique level against Boo! Lastly, the game contains several extras you can print out with your Game Boy Printer, which increase in number as you progress through the game. BY ALL MEANS PURCHASE THIS GAME IF YOU OWN A GBC or GBA.prediction:0
reviewText:Alpha 3 has a roster that will take you months to master each character. I haven't seen so many Street Fighter characters (31) in one game before for the PS and PS2. The unique feature of this game is the ISM system where you can choose which finisher move you want. The best feature is the World Tour which is practically a Street Fighter RPG (why can't the new Street Fighter games have this?!) where you level up your character as you win matches.prediction:0
reviewText:I have 'flown' regularly for almost 4 years on AirWarrior,  using the same stick (non-USB model). It works as well as it did on day #1. The Microsoft site has an updated Win98 control panel for programming the stick (fast, free and easy download) painlessly. It is bullet-proof.prediction:0
reviewText:Just as difficult as I remember.prediction:0
reviewText:I remember playing this game in my teens, still as fun now as it was for me back then.  Thank you!prediction:0
reviewText:thank you so much i haven't played this game for a very long time and haven't been able to find it anywhere until i came across your site sooo thank you very muchprediction:0
reviewText:Go to the options and turn on easy mode. all the rings disappear, and you can fly straight to your objective. It makes a terrible game suck a little less.prediction:0
reviewText:Fly threw rings and pick up cars...this game is an insult and should be shoved up the developers anus.prediction:0
reviewText:Nintendo power voted it the worst game everGamestop and spot hate itI was unfortunate enough to stumble upon this game at my local video store. I thought "superman, I'll have to try that". I have never seen a game more deserving of the following: THIS IS THE WORST GAME EVER! IT DESERVES TO BE BURNED!!! IT IS A DISGRACE TO INTELLIGENT BEINGS EVERYWHERE! MAKIND SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF ITS POOR ABILITY TO CREATE GAMES! IT IS UTTERLY POINTLESS! IT MAKES SOUTH PARK LOOK LIKE SHAKESPEARE! IT MAKES ALIEN HOMINID SEEM EASY AND SOPHISTICATED!Somewhere far, far away, Superman weeps.prediction:0
reviewText:This needs to be remade on the current systems.  This game alone is reason enough to invest in a Nintendo 64 gaming system.  The controls are amazing and the gameplay is addictive.  5/5prediction:0
reviewText:I found the lack of polygons and elaborate battle techniques a blessing in the Silver Star Story!  I'd rather see a realistic cartoon than an annoying, jerky 3-D anytime.  The music is beautiful and I'd catch myself humming the opening theme occasionally at work.  The anime artwork in some of the scenes is breathtaking and the storyline is engaging.  I am looking forward to the sequel which will be coming out around the 29th of November.prediction:0
reviewText:This is an all-time classic game.  I have played more puzzle games than I can count in my head and this game has by far the best puzzles of them all.  The graphics, sound, and interaction of this game are stunning.  The way that you have to collect information from every available source to solve a puzzle makes the game extraordinary (many puzzle games do not work that way).One aspect of the puzzles in this game that makes it different from many other games is that you cannot guess to solve a puzzle.  With many games, you can get past a tough point just buy clicking on every item in your inventory until you guess the right one.  Eventually, you guess right, and you're on to the next puzzle.  In Myst, you must decipher them the old-fashioned way!I agree with other reviewers, however, that this game has zero replayability.  It should take you long enough though so that you won't feel like you didn't get your money's worth.prediction:0
reviewText:One of the best adventure games ever! Shame it's for older computers and it makes me miss mine. If the gaming companies ever remake Myst for XP I'd buy it again in a heartbeat.prediction:0
reviewText:Myst is an awesome game of puzzle solving and exploration.  What's nice about Myst is that it is completely violence-free and peaceful.  This is a must have!prediction:0
reviewText:This is by far my favorite out of the Myst series.  Before I knew better, I cheated to get to the ending, looking at walkthroughs.  Unfortunately, it's not like you can 'undo' that memory in your head, and I've forever ruined  the game in my eyes.  The two biggie puzzles in this game involve clues from the whole game you've explored up to that point.  I wish I had taken the time to fully appreciate their solution and not cheat.prediction:0
reviewText:WOW! this is truly the BEST GAME EVER. if you're going to buy any game this year, buy this one. full of charecters and storyline. just go to the store right now and buy this game!prediction:0
reviewText:All in all, it is impossible to not recommend Final Fanatsy VII to anyone who is even vaguely interested in RPGs.prediction:0
reviewText:This is just one of those classic games to find my childhood. It really was one of the best RPG's money could buy and still is. Just look at all the fanfare around the game the reason why people still play and talk about this game.prediction:0
reviewText:oh hey those pixelated shemales are gonna save the world over 701251709 hours of boring gameplay! this game super mega dumb.prediction:0
reviewText:There's much i could say about this amazing unrivaled classic, however i'll keep it swift since it's infamous status as "Best FF game Ever" is world-known.This is proof of Square's original "GOLD STANDARD" days, before they became Square Enix.Needless to say, the Final Fantasy Name is tarnished by recent FF titles that don't even need to be mentioned in this classica review, all in all, there beth not' another grand final fantasy since 1997, A hui kaua Final Fantasy VII.prediction:0
reviewText:I will never get rid of my FF7, I will hurt somebody who try's to take my FF7. Thank you for reading my review.prediction:0
reviewText:FF7... if you've ever played this game, the words send shivers of delight down your spine. Squaresoft really outdid themselves with this one. The world's in trouble thanks to a large corporation (Shinra) who is, basically, sucking the planet dry of its natural resources. Bummer. That's where Cloud, Barrett, and Tifa (oh, yeah, there's this girl named Aeris... hint: be nice to her at al times) come in, equipped with HUGE swords, a Gun-Arm (gotta get me one of those), and snazzy magic spells and fighting combos. The game is a marvel to play, and is clearly addictive. The gameplay is perfect, with tight controls which respond perfectly, an intuitive Materia (Magic) sysetm, and some kick ... bosses. ...prediction:0
reviewText:This game was truely ground breaking for its time.  I can't think of a single RPG for a game console that had so much depth with character development, story and optional side quests as this.  The graphics and sound were phenominal in their day.  Any RPG or FF fan should give this game a shot!Recommended party:  Cloud, Cid and Barret; you'll be laughing like crazy!prediction:0
reviewText:Thanks of final fantasy product give a series of game that kid enjoy for hours in a different kind of wordprediction:0
reviewText:This game is EXCELLENT!  Even more so for beginners or people who've never played a Final Fantasy game before!  The battle system is pretty easy and the equipment and command systems aren't hard to get either.  The storyline is deep and memorable too, which is DEFINITELY a plus!  You definitely won't regret picking this game up!prediction:0
reviewText:I spent pretty much a whole mounth of my life just playin this game and i dont regret it. This game is just so intence it pretty much starts to rub off on you a lil bit. THe story is very deep and even change a lil depending on how you play the game. Alas they're are people who should never play this game ever. I like to call these people morons because all they can do while playing this is complain about the graphics. People need to look beyond graphics to see weather are not its worth playing.prediction:0
reviewText:I wouldnt advise anyone to pay hundreds of dollars for this game when you can get it at gamestop for only 29.99.Don't be fooled.prediction:0
reviewText:This is official now as PSOne classicscheck out your playstation account and get oneprediction:0
reviewText:Yup another game for the kids they really liked this one too. This is played quite a bit and still workingprediction:0
reviewText:this is the 2nd bess Final Fantasy in the entire series.  Only Final Fantasy 3 (US) beats this.  the story is absolutely the best in the series next to FF3.  it is sad and exciting.  this is definately a hall-of-famer in the game world :)prediction:0
reviewText:Final Fantasy 7 is in my opinion, the best game in the entire series.  The graphics are crisp, the gameplay is as fun as any other FF game and the music is epic.  This is nearly a perfect game.prediction:0
reviewText:There's nothing much to say about this game... it's the best game I've ever played, and... well, if you have a PS or PS2 and you do not have this game you are stupid. Go and buy it NOW!!!prediction:0
reviewText:This is one of the best Final Fantasy games there is it re-wrote the video gaming at the time and introduced a new system of magic and weapons to the FF series. It is a lot of fun to play and I would buy it again if my copy ever got damaged.prediction:0
reviewText:EA need to re-make this exciting game for ps3 or ps4 no doubt about it. they need to have hardcore NFS gamers back  bring back what made NFS  need for speed. not auto-log or alldrive crap  2 player racer with criterions Hotpursuit graphic is all we need.prediction:0
reviewText:If I had to be simple and brief in my review of this video game, I would say - BORING.prediction:0
reviewText:You can't go wrong with this game. The character schemes, the fighting mechanics, the play-style, the music, the stages; they are all extraordinary. You're gonna like this game for sure, I guarantee it.prediction:0
reviewText:This is one of the best fighting games that i have ever played (other than killer instinct), and i have to congratulate sega on it.  The graphics are amazing there  are plenty of characters to choose from, the levels are all varied and the two player mode has kept my friends and I busy for months.prediction:0
reviewText:Isn't it time they brought Claire back?  And not in no &#34;Operation Raccoon City&#34; neither.  Five, four, three, two, one.prediction:0
reviewText:Graphics wise this game is awesome. The control is easy to get used to and it is fun.The problems with this game begin early on. The main problem is the puzzles and bosses. There are many times when you will get stuck because you didn't move some block 8 hours ago, of course you can't go back so your only alternative is to start over. Very frustrating.Graphics: 9/10Sound: 7/10Fun: 7/10Control: 8/10prediction:0
reviewText:Without a doubt the best Resident Evil game ever made, &quot;Code: Veronica&quot; will amaze you with it's beauty, and scare the hell out of you with it's zombie shooting action.  The graphics are super superb, looking almost movie like and giving you such a surreal feeling its like your interacting with a movie rather than playing a game.  And like true horror should be, there's plenty of thrills, chills, and a hell of a lot of spills to behold.  Never has being scared senseless been so fun.  Essential for the Dreamcast owner.prediction:0
reviewText:This Resident Evil is the best out of the lot.  The graphics on this are the best that i have seen of any Resident Evil game, and the puzzles have been taken afurther which i am glad about  as in all of the other Rsident Evils all of the puzzles were similar.  The game is longer than all of the other Resident Evils, and in like some of the previous games you get to take on the roles of other characters.  The zombies are more intelligent and there seems to be a better feel to this game than all the others.  Congratulations to Sega for producing the best game out of the seriesprediction:0
reviewText:I was not expecting the cartoonish graphics.  I was hoping for a game more like Soul Calibur.  This game bored quickly, even playing with a friend.  The special moves were hard to pull off, leaving us to just punch each other.prediction:0
reviewText:Well, there really isn't much I can say.  I got the game in a timely manner original case and all that, and there's nothing wrong with it.  I think this game deserves a 3 out of 5 because the actual game just kinda sucks. I mean, you figure that for Dreamcast the graphics would be better, and that there would be a more in depth storyline. It simply put falls short of other versions.  Honestly, I miss arcade systems :/prediction:0
reviewText:Until Soul Calibur 2 hits the shelves, I am not going to disconnect my Dreamcast. Soul Calibur is still the best game ever, and for the prices they are now, is better to buy a Dreamcast and this game than to buy a $50 game for any other console.prediction:0
reviewText:It received rave reviews as essentially flawless at the time and the graphics definitely hold their own over a decade later. How many games can you say that about without being unrealistically optimistic? Soul Calibur for Dreamcast has highly fluid game play, taking the very best elements of other fighting games of the time and turning them into something beautiful. If you have a Dreamcast, this title is essential. With unlockable characters and story mode, replay value is extremely high. If you have a &#34;gotta catch 'em all&#34; mentality, the story mode will keep you busy for a very long time. I cannot recommend this game highly enough.prediction:0
reviewText:Awesome Golf game for the N64 if you are an old Nintendo freak add this one to your collection it provides hours of fun.prediction:0
reviewText:I've played this game extensively, and it really is my favorite golf game.  I even prefer it to the more realistic games out there.  It  has perfect control, fun and varied courses, Nintendo characters, and four people can play at a time!  It's just plain fun.prediction:0
reviewText:Plodding first-person shooter with tons of fog to conceal thegraphic weaknesses.  One-player missions are tedious.  Only redeemingfeature is to play the two-player game with other &quot;South Park&quot; fans, and then only if you've gotten the codes to unlock favorite characters.Even with friends, you'll tire of it in a day.prediction:0
reviewText:People, i wrote this review to warn whatever of you out there want to buy this game.This will make even the most die hard game fans throw their playstations out the window.The games has most of the characters(whoopie...)which are represented with sub bar graphics and pitifull level desighn amoungst other things.the games boring.I rented it and it literally got old after 5 minutes of gameplay.If there is one redemable factor about this game its that you can laugh at how utterly stupid it is.Avoid this nerf dung at all costs.prediction:0
reviewText:Well this wrestling game was it and I played it a lot.  The moves were  tough to pull off and sometimes didn't work all the time.  Nevertheless  this was a hell of a lot of fun.  Trust me.....save your money and buy  Smackdown! or something else from THQ.  It blows this away.prediction:0
reviewText:I enjoy seeing the PPV, smackdown and raw. this one is a rare one to get if you like wwe wrestling.prediction:0
reviewText:THIS IS ABSOLUTLY THE WORST WWE GAME EVER CREATED. THANK GOD FOR THQ. IF THQ CAME IN ALL THE WWE GAMES WOULD HAVE SUCKED REALLY BAD. DON'T RENT THIS GAME, DON'T BUY THIS GAME, DON'T EVEN ASK FOR IT. THE GAMEPLAY SUCKS, THE VOICE OVERS SUCK, CREATE A CHARACTER SUCKS. EVERYTHING FOR THIS GAME SUCKS. DON'T BUY IT.prediction:0
reviewText:I did have this game before and since I couldn't get through a certain maze I sold it along with other games to get the new PS 2 at the time in which was only the box version. I wish I never did sell it because now one you play Resident Evil 1 & 2. Your almost prompted to play the rest of the games of this series.prediction:0
reviewText:The hardest puzzle of all (NOOOO!!!).You need to line up wave lengths A, B, and C so that when they pile up on topof each other, they cause the result to look just like the sample.[These from Jesse Main (slipknot_957@hotmail.com)]There's 4 possible solutions:1. A - 4 right. B - 2 right.  C - 2 left.2. A-  1 right. B - 1 right.  C - 2 left.3. A - 1 left.  B - 2 left.  C - 2 right.4. A - 1 right. B - 3 right.  C - 4 left.Even with the solutions, it still might take a little bit to do this. Irecommend writing down what you do, then if it doesn't work, do it backwards toreturn it to its original position. Then, try another solution.This is for the Water Purification Puzzle towards the very end of the game. (If you tried something diffrent and got it, please email me tstrong2999@aol.com)prediction:0
reviewText:remember playing this as a kidprediction:0
reviewText:This game ranks pretty high with all my other games I have and I have a lot.prediction:0
reviewText:This vendor is quite something.  They sent me exactly what I asked for, the resident evil 2 N64 port in nearly half of the predicted shipping time, and that was on normal shipping!  This package is just a cartridge though, no original game box or anything.  Aside from a few scratches on the back labels and some dust in the main receptor, it was perfect.  My order couldn't possibly have gone better.prediction:0
reviewText:ESTE ES EL JUEGO QUE DEMOSTRO AL MUNDO DE LO QUE EL N64 PUEDE SER CAPAZ.graficas increibles,fmv horror al maximo.prediction:0
reviewText:The Memories Brought Forth From This Console Are So Rewarding. Such A Warm Feeling Comes Over Me Whenever I Play It, Thank You!prediction:0
reviewText:This was a replacement as the original hadbeen broken since it had been used so oftenand so much.prediction:0
reviewText:Glad I could revisit my old games!prediction:0
reviewText:... there are too many parties and too large of a userbase to just let die.  Look at these factors:1.) The dreamcast has hundreds of third party software developers that rely on revenues derived from Dreamcast users. They certainly don't want this platform to go away. They will undoubtly support the continued production and release of more games.2.) Sega has a huge userbase of Dreamcast users. As a profit-seeking company, there is no reason they would not try to capitalize on either licensing the Dreamcast.. or PARTNERING... there are rumors rumors rumors (substantiated) that the new Microsoft XBOX coming out this fall will infact have a Dreamcast chipset allowing the play of Dreamcast games.  This means that the production of Dreamcast software will not go kaput, becuase developers will still have a platform to develop for.I own the PS2 as well, and as of now (02/12/01), there aren't any decent games out for it. The DC has been out for a year. They've got solid games, and for ..., you can't really lose.prediction:0
reviewText:DC:128 Bits!Very comfortable controller!4 Controller ports! *very many games allow up to 4 players*All games on both the PSX and DC are better on DC!Same goes for some DC games on PS2!Online gamepay!56K MODEM: UPGRADEABLE TO DSL/CABLE/T1!200 BLOCKS OF MEMORY ON VMU'S!MINI GAMES TO PLAY AND DOWNLOAD ON VISUAL MEMORY UNITS!OVER 200 GAMES!I can go on and on and on and on.....!Games Available:Marvel Vs. Capcom 1 and 2!DOA2!NBA, NHL, NFL, 2K 2K1 and 2K2!Crazy Taxi 1 and 2!Shenmue!Capcom Vs. Snk 1 (And Japanese Import version of 2)!Soul Calibur!All Street Fighter 3's!Street Fighter Alpha 3!23 Games Shown Here, only 4 of which appear on PS2 and 2 on PSX!Bottom line, THE ONE AND ONLY SEGA DREAMCAST RULES!! Please listen to me and all others who gave it a 4-5 star rating! I'D EVEN GIVE IT 10 IF IT WERE POSSIBLE!prediction:0
reviewText:This controller has to be one of the worst out on the market.  It has a horrible design, is made of cheap plastic, and to make matters worse, it's  also highly priced.  Don't even think about using it for games like Marvel  Vs. Capcom, because even casual play will break this controller.  If you're  serious about games, find an import controller made by another company.  Don't even bother with the other Dreamcast controllers out in America, they  are all just as bad, if not worse.prediction:0
reviewText:I'm gonna make this short and sweet for you.You got a Dreamcast?...GET THIS!  It will "obvioulsy" save some of the biggest and baddest DC games around.  Too far In Soul Calibur?  Had enough skatin' and doin' some nice Graffiti in Jet Grind Radio?SAVE ITDREAMCAST RULES!BUY IT AND BUY THE VMU!Latesprediction:0
reviewText:The Story,Ogre, an evil creature attaking fighters around the world for there power must be stopped, therefore Hihachi Mishima trains Jin Kazama and anounces the King of Iron Fist Tournament 3!The Plan,Ogre enters Tekken 3  and is beaten and killed!.Fight throu 10 stages to beat ogre and open new charecters and modes.Many unique charecters, modes and places.Fight as new and origonal charecters.Multitude of optionsPersonaly this game is My favorite!prediction:0
reviewText:Alien VS Predator is the best &quot;Alien&quot; game released to date (I was actually fond of Alien Trilogy) and has a lot going for it. You can play as a marine, alien or predator. Playing as the Alien is the easiest  and is pretty difficult to master as first. You will need to climb on  walls, learn to pounce, and sneak up on your targets. As the Predator, you  will need to use your fast arsenal of weapons, visions and invisibility  features to win. The scariest and most fun character is the marine. You  will need to collect weapons, health and watch your back at all times. You  never know when an Alien is around the corner. And if you see or hear a  face hugger, you better start shooting or run for your life. If one gets  you, you WILL jump from your seat! The only drawbacks is that the save game  feature is lame (if you download the patch, otherwise, there isn't a save  game feature,) and the game will give you extra levels at the end, ONLY if  you beat the game at a higher difficulty. Other than that, if you like the  Alien movies, get this! I give this title a B+.prediction:0
reviewText:I own this game not, nor a Dreamcast. Yet I am a hardcore gamer and play games I do not own avidly. I play them at friends' house and online!Controls: 5 *Sound: 5 *Graphics: 5 *Replay: 5 *Plot: 5*In a word: awesome. In two words: Awesome Awesome.I cannot begin to tell you how much I highly recommend this.prediction:0
reviewText:In this game you play Sonic the Hedgehog attempting to Chaos, the watery God of Destruction, from annihilating the world.  Later in the game, five additional characters are introduced into the game - each with their own style of play.There are basically two types of levels in Sonic.  In action stages, the game behaves like any other platform game (Mario Adventure, Pandemonium, Crash Bandicoot), where you run around a 3D world along a predefined path, dodging traps, destroying enemies and collection objects.  In adventure stages, your character is allowed to free form explore - talking to characters and finding hidden objects.There are also a couple of mini games (including a chao breeding simulation) which provide additional amusement.The graphics are beautiful to look at and the level design is extensive and complex.  The sound effects and sound track are also very well executed, although there is no attempt to lipsynch the voiceovers.  Overall, the game is fun and has a lot of replay value.prediction:0
reviewText:This game was bought and rather farfetched. I hoped it would work and It doesn't play story mode at all. So I'm stuck in training mode and can only play the first training session. A shame.prediction:0
reviewText:Don't pay a penny for this, folks. Move on to an EA game. There is very little in the way of actual physics calculations between players in this game, every interaction is merely a scripted animation. RBs are stopped in full stride by shoestring tackles. WRs run their routes at half speed while the DBs shadow them *IN FRONT* of their routes. Offensive line programming is horrible. Guards and tackles blow assignments on EVERY play, doubling up on a DT and allowing LBs to come free and tackle the RB at the handoff. There is no player momentum, a flaw I've noticed in a number of Sega Sports games, meaning any player can stop in mid-stride and immediately run full stride in the opposite direction. Sit back and watch the computer play: 3and out, 3 and out, 3 and out... This was an incomplete game that should not have been released. So what if it looks pretty? It plays like crap.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is amazing the graphics the game is also pretty easy to play once you get the hang of it.This game is By far the best basketball game on the market today forget NBA showtime forget any N64 basketball games put them away and get NBA 2K you will see how much better this game is than all the wannabes out there in the market.prediction:0
reviewText:I was very disappointed in this PC game.  It was boring.  Everything about the game was chance.  You have little control over what happens.  Game time is short and it is very likely you did not win anyway. It was a waste of my time.  If you really think you need this game - buy it used or at least a new one cheap.prediction:0
reviewText:having problems with a game, look no further for a solution on how to fix things by getting this to help even the score.prediction:0
reviewText:Ive seen some of the reviews and this item is notorious for just dieing. well its cheap enough. it dies ill get another. it does what its supposed to do. cheat your way to victory and enjoy your old games again :) Make sure the terminals on your game are clean or it wont work.prediction:0
reviewText:Killer graphics! Super internet play! This is twice what Mechwarrior2 was Mechwarrior.If you must buy this please get the expanion game also you will not be disappointed.This game jams up my wife's computer and her internet  service so much they kick me off.This game makes me wish I had a sdsl modem  line.THIS GAME REALLY KICKS........!prediction:0
reviewText:On a scale of 1-10 the graphics in this game are a 10.As for the AI- its a 1.they can't figure out how to go around any obstacles.There are only 20 missions-I beat the entire game in 2 nights.Its a lot of fun though.There  is a trade-off between fun and frustrating.You will probably play this game  for a long time and i reccomend getting it.prediction:0
reviewText:This controller does its job - the D-pad seems a little flimsy and the diagonals are not that strong, however it's better than most and comes at a fair price.prediction:0
reviewText:I have Windows XP on my laptop and I've never had any trouble with this game. I do have a refurbished IBM computer. This game allows you to play solo, with human or computer opponents. The CG opponents come with various levels of Scrabble experience. There are also "quickie" games that involve using letters in your rack to make the highest scoring word. This is one of the best Scrabble games for your PC, though updated versions have since been released.prediction:0
reviewText:Roller Coaster Tycoon is increadable addicting.  I would suggest having a friend hide the game on occation so you can get some sleep.  You can do so much in this game is hard to grasp.  Some of the thing are build your own  rollercoaster or have a custom made on.  Keep your park popular and keep  building the new mega attration that will keep you top.WHAT A  GAME!prediction:0
reviewText:Another addicting game. I have been trying to play this game and The Sims at the same time and there just isn't enough time. I played this for 6 hours yesterday (Sunday) and wondered where the time had gone. I had bought Disney's Coaster several years ago and thought this game would be just like it. Wrong! This game is way better. You have several scenarios you play plus you can play and redo real amusement parks. They give you lots a money to start with to build up your park. You control the admission fees, the price for all of the rides, price on the food, and you can even charge people for usin the restrooms. You hire mechanics, people to mow and clean garbage, security guards, and entertainers. You can change the color of every ride and play your choice of music. There a banners that will display any message you type plus you can name any ride or food place. The best thing is you can design your own rollercoasters and water rides though they are expensive (don't build your water ride too big as you typically only have 2 boats and the lines get long and customers get upset). You also do your own landscaping and you can see what every customer in your park is thinking and how each ride is liked. If you choose to, you can watch them ride each of your rides. The only conflict with the game I have seen was what they call &quot;thrill rides&quot;. When you go to build these, the excitement level is typically low to moderate so I am not sure why they call those thrill rides.This is a very addicting game and time will get away. I think if you get this game , you will also get addicted and then you will have to go buy the other 2 expansion packs, just like I did.prediction:0
reviewText:This is a fun game until you complete a park. It gets dull and boring. And one thing that makes me a little upset is that this game has one park that has a ton of rides and the other parks only have one ride already built. So thats all folksprediction:0
reviewText:This game is so much fun I play it too long.I would give it ten stars if possiable.I request anyone with a computer to buy this game and its add-on pack.prediction:0
reviewText:Sim Theme Park is a bad copy of Rollercoaster Tycoon, which was way better than Sim Theme Park. I you buy it buy it USED.prediction:0
reviewText:I dusted this off a little while ago and played through it again.  It's still one of the best games ever, espcially if you put &quot;Hellfire&quot; on it.prediction:0
reviewText:Diablo is a challenging and addictive dungeon and dragons type role-playing adventure.  This is the first of the series, and predates Diablo II.  When I saw it on the shelf, I snatched it up.  I mean, ($$$)for a legendary game?  For less than the cost of a movie you can a lot more fun.You take on the role of a wizard, warrior, or rouge and start venturing into the dungeon.  Various quests are assigned randomly, which you complete to gain experience and unique weaponry.  As a result, you can play it several times (with different characters) and the game is different each time.Unfortunately, sometimes it devolves into a simple hack and slash adventure.  Also, note that there is a learning curve to figuring out what spells do what.On the whole, this is a fun, gratuitous, addictive, hack and slash game.  It is also inexpensive, almost to the point of being a no-brainer purchase.prediction:0
reviewText:This game created a genre and no game ever topped the original. This was from a time when games were challenging, and beating them was an accomplishment rather just an investment in time. Upgrades to your gear could randomly drop from any critter, so every kill was exciting and death could always be around the next corner. I recommend this to any gamer.prediction:0
reviewText:The story of Diablo is based on premise of a war between Heaven and Hell. The town of Tristram is under attack by demons, and the player must save the town. As the player delves into the underworld, he discovers more about the demon Diablo, through large tomes that are read aloud by the character. Eventually, the player reaches the lair of Diablo and must kill him.prediction:0
reviewText:I REALLY DID NOT LIKE THIS GAME AT ALL! IT WAS WAY TOO FANTASY-BASED! DO NOT GET THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE GAMES THAT ARE EVEN SLIGHTLY REALISTIC!prediction:0
reviewText:This is a true classic. Players assume the role of a Cocoon Master in a remote village plagued by roaming monsters and folklore. Unravel the story of the Tamamayu as you hunt, raise and combine monsters for summoning in battle!prediction:0
reviewText:This game brought back so many memories, it came in the condition that was in the description. It worked perfectly.prediction:0
reviewText:Game is best. Blizzard gave players almost full control of the game with StarEdit (campaign editor) and you can download new units from ...The only game that can beat StarCraft is StarCraft2 (comming 2004)...prediction:0
reviewText:This exspantion pack increase the defensive and offensive cappablilities of alot of old favorites and adds some new characters to the scene.  This is a must for any true hard core Starcraft lovin zerg smashin freak.prediction:0
reviewText:I've had this game ever since it came out, and it never gets old. I still play it more than most of my other games and on Bnet people are always making new maps on the included versitle map editor. This game is a classic. It never gets old. Looking forward to Warcraft 3 and hoping a Starcraft 2.prediction:0
reviewText:Brood war brings new units, missions, storyline and lots more.If you enjoyed playing Starcraft, then you will enjoy Brood War.In fact, I think anyone that owns Starcraft should also own this expansion pack.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is a classic. It got me through middle school. However at this date and time I would recommend just preorderingStarcraft II: Wings of Liberty. :)Blue skies,Billyprediction:0
reviewText:There are two things that make this game a living classic that will never die:1.  The community, "There's a map for that":The online community has seriously made at least 50,000 completely unique maps.Want a balanced "regular" map for competitions?Want an imbalanced, infinite resource crazy fun map?Want a tower defense map?  Want 10,000 different variations of tower defense?There are even entire UMS maps that have evolved into competitive universes of play.  Hydra zones, Income D, path D, desert strike to name a few.  Just like the real game of Starcraft, they've been balanced out over the years and are are own GAMES in their own right.And you can get every one of those maps for FREE!!!  Just connect to a game hosting the map and it sends it to you for nothing!2.  PatchesBlizzard is STILL patching this game every once in a while.  Starcraft is the most balanced RTS, ever, PERIOD.  It's the most played video game in tournaments, and is a religion in south korea.Even if you don't care about competitive play, patches solved hacks.There was a famous hack that allowed zerg players to get infinite minerals that went on for years.  Blizzard finally patched it out even after just about everyone in the community was convinced it had went under the radar.  There have also been a TON of other hacks that have been patched out.Seriously, stop reading and buy.prediction:0
reviewText:The game will not load on my Mac. The box says its supposed to. This was a very big disappointment. I was trying to get out of the shooter games.prediction:0
reviewText:As I always say, you aren't considered a true gamer until you've tried Starcraft, HL1, and Doom. This game, a decade after release, is still being played by millions of people. The community is still triving and there are still tournements.Buy it. It'll be $20 that go a very, VERY long way.prediction:0
reviewText:Even when this game first came out, it was fairly mediocre.  Let's move on, shall we?  There are many, many games that topple Half Life and Counter Strike released since 1998.Contrary to what the Amazon editorial had to say about this game, Half Life is not the bloodiest (Soldier of Fortune), is not the smartest (No One Lives Forever), and is not the scariest (System Shock 2 or Clive Barker's Undying).Half Life is a hypefest.prediction:0
reviewText:Well...Where to begin.  This game is excellent.  That's basically all I need to say.  It's main game has a nice plot, your a scientist whose expieriment went wrong and you must do some stuff...AND SHOOT STUFF ALONG THE WAY!!!  Most enemies are Smart, and tactically try to kill you, and the &quot;Puzzles&quot; are fun too.  Plus, Deathmatch is fun, and all the &quot;mods&quot; by other people make the game infinately replayable.If you like First Person Shooters/action games at all, you simply must try this.prediction:0
reviewText:I'm not a fan of first-person shooters - I get bored with just killing targets too quickly, and the rapid movements necessary invariably make me  nauseous. Half-Life is different: It makes me think, it has a mystery-laden  storyline and it looks marvellous. The visuals, sounds and effects are  bloody perfect. Not only that, the opponents are very crafty - I was  surprised to see one beast actually duck behind cover when I shot at it!prediction:0
reviewText:This is a joke of a game. Let's see, a campaign can be finished in an hour. The AI makes you conclude that enemy fighter pilots have a deep vindictive nature (is mine the only plane in the sky?). All in all, this game is like a new level of computer chess--boring as hell, and yet somehow intelligently scripted [SCRIPTED]!prediction:0
reviewText:This is one of the best games I've ever played. You can go mad in the streets of Chicago, unlock new cars by winning races, just cruise around testing your vehicle, download more cars off the internet including: Farrari F50, Ellinor from Gone in 60 seconds, aeroplane, ford excursion, chevorlet suburban, lego car, and many more, with lots being created every two or three days! This is the best game for driving like a blind manprediction:0
reviewText:This is one of the best classics game I've ever had. This game is released years ago, yet this game is still a fun game to play today.This game's requirements are not high and this game can be installed on slower PCs or laptops. If you like this game, you may want to add the expansion pack available to enhance the features on this game.prediction:0
reviewText:Why didn't I just read the packaging and put it down. No, I had to go and buy it. I played Civ II once, Alpha Centauri two or three times, and now Call to Power... well, I didn't make it through the tutorial.One word...  ZZZZZZZZZZZ!prediction:0
reviewText:A fun role playing game at which when I play I can lose myself in the world of urakI would recomend the game to anyone over the age of 13prediction:0
reviewText:i thought this game could have been better from maxis sim city 3000 is  much better so go check it out instead of sim city 2000prediction:0
reviewText:Awful! A real disapointment. This game is confusing and boring much like civilization 2. The game cover made it sound much more exciting than it really was. I bought it a while ago from Rinho and it was bran new then. I was sooo dissapointed. It takes forever to play, the battles are cheesy and a waste of time. If you are considering buying this game, I reccomend you try it before you buy it. Belive me it's not even worth $5. I've always been dissapointed with Sid Meier's games. So I think I'll stop trying them. If your considering this game, try Imperium Galactica 2. It's awsome. No comparison. I hope you found this reveiw helpful.prediction:0
reviewText:WTF is this crap, this is metroid not castlevainia......this sucks.  PS stop making castlevainia into gay manga garbage it takes all the thrills and scary aspects out of it by making everyone look like a woman with multi colored hair.prediction:0
reviewText:THIS IS PERHAPS THE BEST CASTLEVANIA GAME EVER MADE! I REMEMBER PURCHASING THIS GAME WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT ABOUT 9YRS AGO AND I HAVE TO ADMIT, THIS WAS VIDEO GAME CRACK FOR ME. THE MOMENT I STARTED PLAYING IT I JUST COULD NOT STOP PLAYING IT. ONE FRIDAY NIGHT I STARTED PLAYING IT AROUND 6PM AND DID NOT STOP UNTIL 5 AM ON SATURDAY MORNING, TOOK ABOUT A 4 HR BREAK AND THEN I WAS UP AGAIN PLAYING THIS GAME UNTIL I FINALLY FINISHED IT THAT SATURDAY AFTERNOON.prediction:0
reviewText:To try and describe a game like SOTN is near impossible. Think of it as an onion that as a gamer you will peel away at for years. The creators of this masterpiece were either obsessive compulsive designers hell bent on blowing the minds of the gaming world, or mad geniuses creating a masterpiece the same way Picasso brought a painting into existence. No other game that exists today can match the depth and scope of this marvel.If you are new to sotn don't dismiss it outright, look into and admire the richness of it like someone would a fine wine.This is the pinnacle of the glory days of gaming, a polished gem that is THE essence of videogaming.No game since has come close to touching it.prediction:0
reviewText:People saying this a perfect game are either skateboarders are just crazy. This game is so outdated graphics are horrible, gameplay is decent at best. there is no reason this should have higher then 3 stars and for that reason I am giving it a 1, so people will know it's not a 4 or 5 out of 5 star game.prediction:0
reviewText:It definitly improved from the first one from the upgrading of the vehicles.  Like the one before this one it was fun.prediction:0
reviewText:Yes, Fallout 2 is one of the best RPG games out there, especially considering the fact that there are no futuristic RPG's in the current market.  However, this game requires way to much search and talk.  It gets  very old very quickly, and you will find yourself with the best equipment  on the planet by simply waiting for two different parties to kill each  other.  I had a flamethrower within one hour of playing that made me nearly  invincible.  I mean, come on.  Unless you are going to play this game  without accepting help from NPC's, this really proves no challenge and  damages the fun factor.  At least the price is right.prediction:0
reviewText:What makes this RPG so much better than it's competition?  Story.  A completely immersive, and interesting world with a plot that drives you on.  The 'Chosen One' (your PC) evolves more than any character of any RPG I  have ever played, by the end, you will look back at how your character  started, and how far he's come and you will be amazed.  Full of little  cookies and distractions as well.  You will not miss the fact that it has  no multiplayer, nor will you be disappointed with it's simple interface.  What other game lets you become a kung-fu master, a Mafia made-guy and a  drug addict all while toasting your enemies with your trusty flame thrower?prediction:0
reviewText:The first time I played this, I tried to get to the end too soon and wasn't able to win the final battle. Then I went through each area and combed it carefully. There are many artifacts and items which you need to win the final battle. Rings, Tomes, etc. Not to mention you better get youself maxed in levels before you even think about it.True to form RPG, you start low, have a mysterious occurance and you are on your way. Fun. My favorite characters are Boo and Minsk. There's even guest appearances by favorites from a couple fantasy series as well.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is wonderful. Customizing my character was very entertaining (and one of things I enjoy the most about RPGs, and the small side quests are numerous and interesting. There any many areas that serve no particular purpose other than to gain some XP doing quests. This, I think, is a weakness of the succeeding games in the BG series: there are not enough exploration options available. The possibilites of your party are nearly endless, since there are many NPCs, all of whom have their own strengths. However, there is little NPC interaction, which is disappointing. There are some annoying aspects of gameplay (which is what caused me to downgrade this game slightly), such as the fact that the characters are excruciatingly slow, and have a poor pathfinder feature, which leaves them w/ a tendency to go places other than where you planned. You will be challenged from the first shocking event to the final show-down...and you will enjoy it the entire way.prediction:0
reviewText:It's been about 3 years since this monster role-playing game came out and it's still in most people's top ten.This game totally redined the RPG once again like only the people at Interplay can do. Extremely detailed in every way possible. Graphics, sound, atmosphere, wilderness, monsters...there isn't a bad thing to say about this. Best of all, it has an engrossing story line that makes you want to keep playing (without sleep) for hours to get to the next chapter.A wonderful achievement!prediction:0
reviewText:Much like Halo, I never really had a divine interest in Tony Hawk games aside from maybe one or two from the franchise. This game is still lots of fun to play even since its release nearly a decade ago. Doing ludicrous and impossible stunts is still a lot of fun. There are still plenty of characters to play as, and there is still a ton of stuff to unlock that still makes this game worthwhile and it still has its endless replay value. I'm still unclear as to whether I want to buy a modern skateboarding game like Tony Hawk or perhaps rival skater Skate. Whatever I decide, this game is still a top notch title to play, even though there are control and camera issues during gameplay.prediction:0
reviewText:This wus the best game i had when  i had an n64!prediction:0
reviewText:Although in game terms this is more or less a carbon copy of the playstation version, the nintendo one is less blocky and the graphics shine through.  The game is set over various trcaks where you have 5 tapes to do.  Completing a task earns you a tape.  Tasks range from finding hidden tapes, earning high scorers and finding five letters to spell out skate.  The two player mode on this game is excellant the longativity is imense, this is one game you wont be able to put downprediction:0
reviewText:I had this game when I was younger and I should have kept it cause as I have gotten older it is a lot of fun to go back and play the things that I did when I was younger and this is one of the things my friends and I always tried to show each other up on.prediction:0
reviewText:game is a classic! brought me back to my child years. it is just as addicting as i remember and i cant put it downprediction:0
reviewText:Have played this game for years and still have fun with it.  It even works on Windows 7 64 bit. Cheap, clean, and loads of fun.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is much more of a cinematic movie or episode of Star Trek than a game. With a compelling well written story depicting a federation cadet up against the borg at wolf 359 and a mischevious Q, this game is a must buy for all Star Trek Fans. When playing there are some quarks to the game, The mouse cursor can only be clicked at certain places in the cinema. Sometimes the click of your mouse does not register with the game's functions and some puzzles take a few more minutes to figure out than others - this leaving the player to view the same cinema (when you make a mistake) over and over again. This game comes with 3 CD's and is almost 2 hours in length. This means you have to CD swap in between new levels. The upside to your hard work is that you can save the cinema and watch it all over again like a real episode of Star Trek The Next Generation when the game is finally completed. I would recommend buying this if you are a Hardcore Star Trek fan. If you are not, I would recommend something more action packed in the Star Trek games such as Star Trek Voyager Elite Force and Expansion.Gameplay = 7/10Graphics = 8/10Sound = 8/10Value = 8/10prediction:0
reviewText:This the funky-ist and phates game of the late 90s. It so much fun that I've recommend it to people that don't even like driving games. It's like driving GTA in 3D, and just soo much better. And the soundtrack alone is  worth all the money. Tanner rules.prediction:0
reviewText:this thing is really bulky and if you play a lot of N64 itll eat your batteries up too. It gets the job done and has a strong rumble and you still need to buy a memory card. Fast shipping A+prediction:0
reviewText:This rumble pak is too big, uses up batteries rapidly, it's so heavy that you hardly ever feel the rumble, Nintendo should have built-in rumble in thre controllers this sucks.prediction:0
reviewText:Works just fine.  So far I haven't had any issues with the product.  Most likely I'll be buying two more to complete my set.prediction:0
reviewText:Konami's Suikoden has always been by favorate RPG series next to Final Fantasy. Though the only reason I put FF above it is because of graphics. Suikoden's battle system is pretty tight. You fight with 6 characters at a time instead of the traditional 3. Once your characters get pretty strong, you'll never have to waste much time on weaker enemies. You can just hit auto, and all 6 charcters will attack at once. Runes suppy a character with magic. Though unlike most RPGs where magic is just a non-physical attack, in Suikoden magic is pretty powerful. Therefore the number of times you use it in battle is limited. Suikoden features up to 200 characters. Some returning from the first, others brand new. Of course, when dealing with that many characters the only true difference between them is their appearance, weapons and background. There battle options would pretty much be the same. Some characters can do speacial tag -team like moves with each other. {Example: Father and son etc}The game features 2 kinds of battles. Normal and Army. In the army battle, your crew {of however many you have at the time} arespit into groups of 3. Each group represents a unit. You can customize the groups to your liking. Depending on what characters are in a group will determine how strong that unit is.One of the funnest aspects of the game is its castle. It starts off as an abandoned castle. Yet after you gain enough people it will slowly grow bigger and bigger until its a full-fledged town.Certain characters may open resturants or inns,shops, etc. I personally have no complaints with the game. If you play games for fun and gameplay this is it. For those looking for graphics this isn't for you.prediction:0
reviewText:If you don't buy this game now, you are a crackhead. This is easily the best RPG ever to grace any videogame system. This game FAR surpasses anything even today. The only complaints I would have with this game are the result of future suikodens giving fans what they asked for. Namely jeane as a playable character, more of her boobs and less clothing. Mcdhol makes an appearance in this as you can load the save game from the first suikoden- a very original idea. Much of what needs to be said has been said by others. If you don't add this game to your collection you belong in a psyciantric hospital.prediction:0
reviewText:This game was way ahead of its time.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is probably one of the top 3 games ever.  I personally rank it #1 and GoldenEye as #3.  The reason this game is so awsome is because of it's movie like qualities.  For a maximum impact, you should play this game in long stretches with as few distractions as possible.  This will litterely put you inside the movie.  The plot is just awsome, and it gets better as it goes along.  It took my about a year to beat the game, and a total of about 50 hours of gameplay.  I did stop playing it for about 6 months win I got stuck on a level, then stopped for another month when I got stuck on the last couple of levels.  I still think they should make a movie series of this game.  Overall, I think I would pay about ... if I needed to to get this game.prediction:0
reviewText:This game felt like a movie when I first played it years ago.  It does make a case for one of the best video games of all time.  The acting, voice acting, combat, STEALTH, story, cut scenes are truly amazing.  Very cinematic feel to the whole game..  Revolutionized gaming considering it came out over a decade ago.prediction:0
reviewText:The 2nd installment in the series that debatably started it all. Memorable moments and stealth-action are found when playing this gem.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is a total classic in every way. The plot, the gameplay, the characters...everything!prediction:0
reviewText:Game arrived quickly, and works well.Being new to console gaming, I really did not know what I was missing.The game is very challenging and is right on time.prediction:0
reviewText:I saw this game, rented it from the store, and brought it home. It took me an hour to beat the game 100%, and the graphics were awful. They were pointed all over, and looked worse than Lara Croft from Tomb Raider I. I would not reccomend buying this game enless you're a first time gamer or under 8 years old. Rent, don't buy if you're older.prediction:0
reviewText:I was a little disappointed with this game after playing both it ans Civilization: Call to Power. CTP had a crisper feel to it and went further into the future. Still, I enjoyed it overall.prediction:0
reviewText:I've used both Unreal Tournament and Quake 3 Arena extensively, and Unreal Tournament definitely comes out on top.  In my experience, Unreal Tournament gets much higher framerates, yet has far more beautiful graphics than Quake 3 Arena could ever hope to achieve, even on the highest settings (I've tried).  With an extensive array of 3rd party addons available online ..., Unreal Tournament's gameplay is endless.prediction:0
reviewText:If you are comparing this to Quake 3, then take note that the level design in UT is much better, and this keeps the game very interesting. Q3 levels seem cramped in comparison. This game totally surprised me at how addictive  it is.prediction:0
reviewText:you make units that make other units that make other units.  That's how you progress.  Then these units fight eachother and destroy buildings and stuff.  It's fun to a point.prediction:0
reviewText:Battle Tactics, the second expansion pack of the game (not a separate version) is a missions expansion pack featuring a LOT of stand-alone, separate missions (in other words, not part of a larger story).  The missions are split into three (if I remember correctly) categories based on approximate time needed to complete them.  Not all the missions are short.I played Total Annihilation (and its expansion packs) for approximately 3 years.  One of my favorite games of all time.  A classic that any fan of RTS games will enjoy.There is STILL an active community online, and many, many user-made mods and extra units.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is in a genre of its own as far as I'm concerned. Whilst it may be in the same vein of some other action/horror titles, it is by far superior in every aspect imaginable. This game provokes a constant atmosphere of brooding terror. This game is dark, suspenseful and twisted. Play this game alone, with the blinds closed, with the TV volume cranked and within minutes you'll be scolding the child in you that is getting up to turn the lights back on. -I'm not kidding, this game will scare you. This is an action/horror game with plenty of action, and enough horror for two games with some left over. Puzzles that will have you scratching your chin, and nightmares made flesh that will have you buying batteries for your night-light. This game takes you to the fog-clad streets of an ominously deserted suburbia, through the twisted paralell worlds of a town gone straight to hell. Here lies an oppurtunity, Nightmarish as it is profound, for you to explore the depths of darkness and maybe, however unlikely, survive. If you're not trembling too badly already and you think you're up for a test of both wits and guts, I strongly suggest you click ADD TO CART.prediction:0
reviewText:Forget about the repetitive Resident Evil series, this is the only horror game you need to play. The story, one of the most complex out there (With Clock Tower 2's as a close rival) features an ordinary citizen in search of his daughter, in a game whose atmosphere is in many ways similar to that of &quot;Jacob's Ladder&quot;, with many psychological terror overtones.One of the most underrated games in the PSX due its primitive graphic display (Making it even creepier) and game play, let us pray Silent Hill 2 for the PS2 will be more of the same. (Only better and creepier and, of course, remain as underrated as possible, that way the game does not become as crude as the RE series)prediction:0
reviewText:i am finally playing this game. I played SH2 when it first came out, skipped 3 and played 4 after i saw the movie. I went back and just beat 0rigins. I was able to track down the first three games for relatively cheap. and i must say, playing sh1 on ps3, is still creepy and scary. it might not be as polished the later entries, and definatly not as polished as the upcoming 5 still.  if you can get your hands on this game, and like real scary movies and games. if i had to twist this into the movie world. and compare RE to SH. i would say RE is obviously more like Romero's Living Dead series, with a little X files thrown in. While SH with the music, mood and atmospheric setting wise its closer to psycho.prediction:0
reviewText:I don't know much about this game and never played it.I bought it for a friend whom told me that he was going to pay me back for buying it for him.He never paid me for it and  I sent it back to the seller whim returned some of my money.prediction:0
reviewText:Even as a 31 year old man, this game can still creep the crap out of me.  Happy as all heck to have it again.prediction:0
reviewText:If you have a PS3, you can download this game for $5.99 from PSN.Just sayin'prediction:0
reviewText:I have always been a Die-Hard MGS fan so I had to buy this game. It was very appealing at first beacuse the missions deliver a proffesional touch to your/snakes abilities. The proves to be challenging and requires a quick tactical sort of brain.The game needs to be played bye someone who can devote time to play it also, as it gets very frustrating at certain times. I found my self beating the controller on the floor at times do to having to try over and over and over again to beat a level that is extremely intimadating.This game would have made a better pre-realease game because it prepares you for the most grueling parts of MGS. So if your a new comer to the MGS series get this game first its ideal for training you for the real game.prediction:0
reviewText:The playability on this PC version is terrible.  The controls don't work like they should.  Even with my P4 and enhanced sound, the soundtrack and voices lag and stammer.  The puzzles are annoying and outdated.  The layout of the route you follow is redundent. The game is tedious and slow.  The plot and dialogue are corny.  This is like a game from the 1990's that's been updated with 2000 graphics.  I think you're better off with Quake 2 or Enclave.prediction:0
reviewText:Lots of combatibility issues, however, those looking to by this game because they used to play it, GET IT.  It is still awesome.  This game set standards and introduced many new concepts for games to steal since it was released.  Make no mistake, Assasin's Creed, Elder Scrolls, and many other games took themes, and ideas from this game.  This is the original, and it still kicks as...when it works.prediction:0
reviewText:its made out to be a kung fu,meets super space intelligence meets d and d type stuff kinda vid.its just dark and not nearly exiting as all that.theres zero martial arts.the enemies are monsters not space age.its very hard to see what youre fighting.its extremely easy to beat.me and the ol lady took it out in a weekend.prediction:0
reviewText:&quot;I am only left asking, &quot;how long until Daikaitaina 2? &quot;&quot; - Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha!I really tried to like this game.I felt like screaming &quot;Turn the lights on!&quot; during the first level. What a murky morass. I installed this game twice and I still can't stand it.What angers alot of gamers is this: We wonder what games didn't get made because &quot;Daikajokea&quot; sucked up so much cash?prediction:0
reviewText:Dont ever, ever buy this game! I knew it was going to be bad. So far this game beat the record for the shortest stay in my hard drive, even beating Trespasser by 2 days. A game that took 4 years to develop, well, you know  something's not right. Lets start with the graphics. Really very dated  OpenGL graphics. If this game came out 2 years ago, it would've been  awesome. Interface: No In-Game save. Only way to say your progress is by  picking up Save Gems. No Gems, no save. Control: Ok, so it's like any other  first person shooter which is why I gave this game it's one and only star.  AI: very very bad. Talk about having your AI teammates to back you up.  You'll be saving them most of the time instead of them helping you. Also,  there is a tendency that your artifical teammates to hit you by mistake.  Story: just watch the old TV series &quot;Time Tunnel&quot;. Overall: spend  your money on another game.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is sweet, and when killing monsters gets annoying for level gaining, unlike Diablo, this game has number cheats, meaning you hit number on the keyboard. although a gamepad or USB adapter is highly recconmended, you should get this all the same.prediction:0
reviewText:Forget the standard Final Fantasystory line. In Thousand Arms you play as Mice Triumph a letcherous young man on a quest to regain his kingdom, and woo any young woman in his path. The game features the best voice overs in any game the Playstation has ever made and the graphics are a culmination of Lunar 2 and Final Fantasy VII. For anyone who wants to have a wonderful story in the tradition of anime, and laugh for hours at some of the funniest dialoge yet, then look no farther then Thousand Arms. Warning the game while not anymore violent then any of the Lunar games does contain quite a few sexual innuendos, partly spawning form the unique system of this game where you can go on dates with each girl and try to win her over. This game is suggested for an audience 13 and up.prediction:0
reviewText:this game is awesome it is one of the best games i have ever played.you are a gang member who has to kill and steal to live.you work for gangs and if you dont want to work kill people for fun and the cops will be on your [tail]. you can arm your car with machine guns and bombs.prediction:0
reviewText:This was definitely how I remember this game. Classic, played it a lot when I was a youngster and decided to get some classics back.prediction:0
reviewText:Given that I have upset many people with my controversial view of this (cough) classic I decided to give it a second chance.Let's see let's put it through the test.Graphics: 1 out of 5 (it fits on the Gameboy Color, that's pathetic for a PSX)Sound: 1 out of 5 (fairly decent sound effects, bad music)Controls: 1 out of 5 (these are the worst controls ever)Fun Factor: 1 out of 5 (I still returned it the next day)So there you have it.  This is a very bad game and I would rather have my tounge frozen to a pole with rabid poodles knawing at my ankles than play this again.  Word of advice, buy a PS2 and get Grand Theft Auto 3, you will not regret that financial investment.prediction:0
reviewText:This game was freakin sweet it is alot of fun. i recomend it to everyone :)prediction:0
reviewText:for starters you get a veriety of wepons such as a spear , torch,boders,my personel faverite the soel reaver it self you all so learn severeal tecnics like how to swim and climb walls throwing enimy on spikes is fun toprediction:0
reviewText:Take a game made by someone else, change it, use the Tomb Raider engine, add some nonsense and you have the so-called LOK series.The only game in this series worth mentioning and playing is Blood Omen, the rest of these are Tomb Raider Engine based made by someone else (not Silicon Knights the Creators).prediction:0
reviewText:This game is complicated and you have to have a VMU cadr to save this game! I hate that!prediction:0
reviewText:Rainbow 6 has it all. This is for any level of players. It features 27 training missions; 16 unique missions, plus eagle watch missions and speacial forces action. Rainbow 6 is very similar to the Half-Life game. It pumps you up and makes your heart beats faster as if you are the player itself. If you failed one mission and have to repeat again, the enemies are not where you think you were last kill. It shifts around and there are no two same missions alike. If you are into first player action type game, you have got to pick this up. You will be playing this everyday for at least a month.prediction:0
reviewText:The absolute worst Dreamcast game I have ever played. I would not even take this game if it was given to me for free.prediction:0
reviewText:In Rainbow Six, you assemble a highly skilled team of anti terrorist commandos, plan out your assault and then control one or more of the team as you commence your invasion.The critical item to note here is that the majority of the game is spent choosing your team, equiping them properly and then planning out the raid.  This is not Syphon Filter where you jump into a room of bad guys and blaze away.  You can be killed in a single shot.  Once the action begins, you can play any one of the raid team that is engaging the enemy, otherwise the sophisticated computer AI will guide them according to your plans.I agree with the reviews that suggest that you rent this game first.  It is very detailed and realistic.  If you don't want to spend hours analyzing and preparing the missions, then you wont't appreciate the game's considerable depth.I find that the detail level does not lend itself well to the standard dreamcast controller.  There are too many things to do and the interface layout is awkward without a keyboard and mouse.  I also found that the action part of the game (moving the aiming cursor) was overly sensitive and very frustrating to use.The other reason that this game does not rate highly for me was the poor, boxey graphics and the medicore sound.  They just do not take advantage of the Dreamcast capabilities.  On the otherhand, the game does have a lot of replay value and very sophisticated AI.prediction:0
reviewText:This was a re-bought purchase, as I lost my original copy. This one works wonderfully and much better than my older one despite the lost files on it that I had to re-create.prediction:0
reviewText:When it comes to the Playstation there are games that have improved when they were remade for the Playstation 2 and there are games that look and play far better in the Playstation 1 version and Tetris Plus is one of them.  Unlike Tetris Worlds where you may get different modes of the game it didn't feel like I got as much to offer or only so much of the feel of Tetris when I tried this game for myself.  On the other hand Tetris Plus had the more colorful classic mode, the puzzle mode with 100 different puzzles not to mention the option to create and try your own puzzles and the vs. mode to test your skills against another player and all had the exact feel and challenge of tetris as I remembered it.  If you want a tetris game for your Playstation this is by far still the better choice.prediction:0
reviewText:Amber is different than most games you've been playing. There are no puzzles to solve. That's right! No tricks, no frustration. Amber is the name of a paranormal psychic energy -measuring device that leads your friend Roxy to utilize the new equipment in an old haunted house.  Something goes awry and you travel to this home to see what happenned to Roxy and her new equipment.  Sound fun? It is.Mysteries. Mysteries. Why is Roxy unconscious wearing the Amber head gear in the garage, of all places?  Should you experiment with the equipment? Sure.  Beware as you follow in your friend's footsteps while trying to figure what happened to her. This PC game is fun. It takes you through portals of time to uncover the secret of the hauntings. I found the game to be quite thrilling. Things really do go bump in the night!So why only three stars? While the idea of mystery puzzles vs. physical ones seems original and fun, the game is easy.  A young high schooler could figure the &quot;moves&quot; out. You are given a place, a circumstance, and an enviroment with tools. Everything you need to solve the mystery is staring you in the face. Go ahead and give it a go. The plot, first-person scenario, and all the truly frightening hauntings make this an easy going game. A perfect breather to play in between the usual brain-frying choices.prediction:0
reviewText:youre an oversized mutant version of whichever animal you choose.you destroy major cities all over earth and all the other planets by climbing up them and punching in the walls.its like that the whole way.so if your say drunk,over medicated,bored to teers or something like that then youll get a huge kick out of this.otherwise its  quickly loses its warm appeal just like cold oatmeal.prediction:0
reviewText:This is a really fun game that I used to play when it first came out. I lost the copy that I had years ago so I bought it again to replay with friends.prediction:0
reviewText:This is a TERRIBLE version of Mortal Kombat 4! The graphics are awful,the sound and music is ear aching,and the gameplay is beyond hideous.This plays just like MK3 did on the gameboy...like total krap! Actually,it may even be worse than MK3! Avoid this at all costs!prediction:0
reviewText:Just give up, this game is so bad i dont how it got a seal of quality. Its MK3 remade. choppy terrible graphics, horrible sound, moves, and everything else. I can't even tell which character im choosing!! You can tell they put noo effort into this game at all. If you want a fighting game try street fighter alpha on Gbc, and stay far away from this!!!prediction:0
reviewText:This game is really hard. You could beat the game with Kintaro and Goro easily. When you battle Shao Kahn with Sindel it's really hard. I still like it though.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is not the version I remember. It feels very clunky and the load times are hardly tolerable. Try another version for your MK3 fix.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is by far one of my all time favorite fighting games. It has 2 on 2 matches and the combos are awesome. Just has a really high fun factor in my book if you are a fan of the mk series.prediction:0
reviewText:As usual, our friends at midway and gamespy have put out an excellent PS2 game where you can kill each other and no one gets hurt. Take it one bit (or is it byte) at a time. Different fatalities, different moves, always exciting, excellent product.prediction:0
reviewText:Mortal Kombat Mythologies sucked just as much as the other MK Adventure games.Those being of course,Special Forces and Shaolin Monks.The storyline in this game is set years and years before the first MK Tournament took place.I guess you could call it a pre-quel.The gameplay is absolutley terrible.The controls are very unresponsive and there are WAY too many cheap hits that you take in this game.MKM mixes both repetive digitized graphic gameplay and awful acting in FMV sequences.As many have said,this game is extremly difficult.Hell,I had a VERY hard time beating it,with cheat codes...and with it being on very easy.All this mostly due to all the cheap hits that you get hit with by different enemies.There is also puzzle solving as well.Most of which will have you pulling out your hair.Overall,This game is crap and you shouldn't waste one dollar on it.Avoid this and the other two MK adventure titles as well.prediction:0
reviewText:controller works. no oo oo oo o o o o o  o oo  ooooo  o  ooooo o oot too shabby.prediction:0
reviewText:The Ultima Collection include what could possibly be the best RPG games of all time. UC includes all of the Ultima titles from Akalabeth (the game the Ultima series was based on) to Ultima VIII.In order to run these games, you literally have to be a computer expert.  You have to run these games from the DOS prompt. Before you get to play any of these games, you have to fix a lot of settings which an average computer user would have no idea how to set them up, or even what they mean (I'm still trying to find out what an &quot;IRQ&quot; is.) Also, many of the new computers do not have a PC Speaker, which all of the games require to play any sound effects and music.By the way, do not expect Ultima I: Exodus to look anything like its NES counterpart.  In Ultima I through IV, graphics are very poorly defined; everything consists of plain colored squares.If you can actually manage to setup and execute the programs smoothly, then have at this game.  Otherwise, I would recommend playing the NES and SNES Ultima titles.prediction:0
reviewText:For starters this is an ok game....nothing more.  The controls and gameplay suck hard compared to Quake and DOOM, the storyline sucks hard compared to Quake or DOOM and the multiplayer sucks hard compared to Quake or DOOM.  So go play Quake or DOOM :)prediction:0
reviewText:Though not quite as awesome as the original Quake, Quake II still offers plenty of entertainment as you embark in a futuristic hell to defeat flesh-rotten cyborgs.  More types of Guns with the ever so awesome BFG.prediction:0
reviewText:Simply, this is one of the best acrade style racing games ever made. Don't be put off because it is boats. If you like the feel of Arcade Racing games that are over the top with hidden paths and speed this one is for you.prediction:0
reviewText:I have been a fan of the Final Fantasy series since it first came to the US for the NES.  This Episode of Final Fantasy has amazing graphics for the time and even for some games coming out in this day and age.  The story is a decent and straight forward one that has some decent characters.  The game is overall a lot of fun with some new ideas in game mechanics.  I would recommend this game for anyone that is into sci-fi and RPGs.prediction:0
reviewText:After just finishing Final Fantasy 7 I was very disappointed by this game. The first thing I noticed were the graphics. The life size characters just weren't working for me. They tried to put too much detail into them and ended up making their image distorted. The world map is terrible. Very grainy and terrible music. Not to mention uninteresting. The best thing about a Final Fantasy game is the amazing storyline. Not so in this. I'm not really clear what the storyline is in this game and I've played it. You never get to know the enemy in this game or why he/she is evil. That makes fighting them pointless. The fighting in this game is horrible. In order to get strong you need to draw from enemies which leaves you open to attacks. If you use magic you loose your strength. I did like the gfs having their own health though. Rather than taking away mp when summoning, a gf will take hits for you and they can grow their own levels. They have too many levels though. In order for some of them to get strong you need them at level 100 which takes many many MANY hours of countless fighting. I haven't seen the ending of this game. The final battle is the only thing I have yet to do. I got bored and quit. I've switched to Final Fantasy 9 for now. I'll finish up 8 after I'm done with 9 which is a FAR better game.prediction:0
reviewText:I had high expectations for this game. Graphics, story, general presentation -- it all falls short.The cinematics are excellent. The first one really got me pumped. I was convinced that I would be playing a game on-par with Final Fantasy 7. Shortly before Disc 1 ended, though, I was having trouble caring. Caring about the characters, caring about the story, caring if I finished the game.I'll attempt to play this game again sometime this year. Admittedly, I am more mature now than I was during my first attempt. Maybe the change in outlook will brighten my perception of this game.prediction:0
reviewText:I've been waiting to get this game for so long, I remember my sister playing this years ago, now I finally own a copy.prediction:0
reviewText:bought the game when it premiered 10 yrs. ago and needed a new copy, still better than some modern games. I think it will always be a classicprediction:0
reviewText:Mechwarrior 2:Mercenaries is the very first game I've ever played in the series, long before I started reading any of the books. Needless to say I was unfamiliar with the whole plot.Mw2:Mercs puts you in the cockpit of awesome, powerful, 80-ton humanoid warmachines with enough firepower to level a city.This is one of the few fps games that kept me glued to the monitor from beginning to end. Well worth the money.prediction:0
reviewText:Without a doubt Klingon Academy is the academy awards winner of the star trek games. Interplay should come out with a sequel, and call it Klingon Academy 11. Please keep the same interface, controls. Could make millions. thank you, Romeo H Faison.prediction:0
reviewText:This is rapeing the Quake name now ID.......Get the Quake 1 magic and actually interesting story of Quake 1 back.  Quake 3, 4, and 2 suck.prediction:0
reviewText:UT offers more gameplay modes, more innovative weapons, smoother graphics...Quake 3, unfortunately, can't compare to UT.prediction:0
reviewText:You miss, you die. This is basically the premise of Quake 3:Arena. iD software shows once again who's king in the fps deathmatch arena. There is basically no replacement, no contender for Quake 3:Arena which sets a new standard for the deathmatch experience.prediction:0
reviewText:This is a perfect addition to Roller Coaster Tycoon.  With this game, Roller Coaster Tycoon, and the Roller Coaster Tycoon Expansion Pack: Loopy Landscapes you should be able to design the ultimate amusement park on your PC.  This game will work with Windows XP Home Edition, although you might have to run it in windows compatibility mode.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is just as much fun as Rollercoster Tycoon with extra stuff in it.If you don't buy this game with its other you are missing out on some of the most fun you can have.Just think you can be the ride maker and be the  cause of people looseing their lunch from riding your ride.If I had a top  ten list this one would be on it.prediction:0
reviewText:This game has been out for over a decade and the Mod community has latched on so well that it's still a pretty popular combat sim among enthusiasts. The fact that this has happened among a sea of other sims is both impressive and sad at the same time. Impressive that it's robust enough to allow for post-release fan development, and sad that nothing new has been released like it.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is Civ II meets D&amp;D. Its horrible. One of my five LEAST favorite games.prediction:0
reviewText:DVD Broke so i had to re get this one Fun.have all the GTA could not be without this oneprediction:0
reviewText:GTA2 is set in a futuristic city where you try to earn &quot;Respect&quot; from gangs.Earning respect means killing their opposing gang.The more you kill,the harder a job you get that pays ALOT more than an easy job.Also doing jobs and completing them earns you respect too.This game says KILL,  KILL, KILL ,KILL ,KILL all over the box (well not really...).I think ive  said enough.prediction:0
reviewText:This game tops off any Gangster game. The camera angles are perfect. Although it is actually slower then it was then the first one. The game play is much better and much more cleaner. This is a must game for anyone who has a taste for blood and likes seeing people getting killed in games. If your the total opposite then I suggest you don't buy this game. This game is 100% addictive.prediction:0
reviewText:Before buying this game, I strongly recommend downloading the demo off their website first.  As a fan of many of the &quot;God Games&quot; out there, I found this one very unintuitive.  In short, all of the people are  stupid and the game itself does some very dumb things.For instance,  there are points in the demo where the farmworkers just sit there and drown  as the Nile River rises.  The question isn't &quot;what's causing this  person to just sit there&quot;... the question is &quot;why is this even  occurring?&quot;That's just one example, there are many, many, more.  Another example?  Ok, I got to a point in the game where half of the  population would just leave.  Then, six months later, they'd all return  again just to repeat the same process again and again year after year.  Does this make any sense?I found all the micromanagement to be very  tiring.  The object of the game isn't to build an empire, it's to figure  out all the stupid little workarounds it takes to make these people do what  they should be doing without any thought.This is just the demo, folks!  I strongly suggest you see for yourself before you drop your cash on the  real deal.Derekprediction:0
reviewText:this is the best game ever made, the replay value is UNBEATABLE!NUFF SAID!prediction:0
reviewText:I bought this game last week.  Little did I know, the battle chest came out a day after I bought it.  Needless to say, I feel a little cheated on that part.Diablo 2 is perfect for those gamers who just want to throw down into some hacking and slashing.  The battle strategies aren't difficult to master, and the game itself is easy to immerse yourself into.  The sheer variety of equipment you can purchase/find will keep you interested in the game.  I have found that the best way to play this is on battle.net.  You can trade equipment and items with other players there.  It adds another interesting aspect to the game itself.  Once you play on battle.net, you will not want to play a single player game.  You will stay up late playing this game, I promise you.There are really no gripes that I have about this game, although I wish I had just bought the battle chest instead.  It comes with the expansion, a strategy guide, and the original Diablo for just 20 more dollars.  So if you are going to buy this game, you might as well front the extra 20 and get it all.prediction:0
reviewText:Besides having all the system requirements necessary and still not being able to run the game, my biggest problem with it is not being able to save  the game state. This completely ruins it for me--and probably for anyone  else interested in the single-player aspect. It is truly awful to have to  go back somewhere to get items that were perhaps left behind, only to have  to fight everything that you already killed once all over again. Sadly,  this ruins the game and storyline for me. I know other folks who aren't  bothered by this at all, however. For me, though, it's just a terrible way  to have released the game. I honestly think that they should've kept that  save feature in the game, even if it meant releasing the game later.prediction:0
reviewText:The hype for this game last summer was well worth the game.  This game was done VERY well.  Use a 3dfx with Glide and you can see the tree's animate as you walk by.  Who says that the best graphics have to be first-person shooters?  This game is not for the faint hearted (or the babtist?), this game takes up a ton of time.  Beating Diablo is a long hard path, it's best to have a friend along the way.  Even more fun than the original Diablo!prediction:0
reviewText:Everything went well. I got the game, it works. I played it for over a month now, no problems at all.prediction:0
reviewText:It takes place after the end of the original Diablo. At the end of Diablo, Diablo, the Lord of Terror, was defeated. The hero then takes Diablo's soul stone (a device that is used to bind the soul of any demon or angel) and puts it into his own body, hoping to contain his soul for all eternity.prediction:0
reviewText:This product was of course very helpful since the PS2 I bought didn't come with the controllers. It functions very well and seems to be in pristine condition.prediction:0
reviewText:ps1 grey controller is the one which never gets old, if you properly and carefully will own it. first, original as always the best choice.prediction:0
reviewText:How can you play PlayStation games without this?It rocks in making PlayStation games fun or boring.It can vibrate,let you play games,and you should buy it so you can play those games!prediction:0
reviewText:My best advise is to never buy a memory card online! I couldn't save at all with out it needing to be reformatted each time. I suggest not to buy memory cards online.prediction:0
reviewText:Memory Card: Gray - PlayStation  2 yes playstation 2 so  2013 november peopel on  pps 3  getting ps 4  soon have no eye towards  this item a memory chip for ps 2? its like so  yester yearprediction:0
reviewText:I picked this system up a couple of days ago, expansion pack included, for 20 dollars. I also bought Turok Seeds of Evil and Perfect dark for under $10. I also recently bought a couple of other vintage systems, so you can say I enjoy the old games. While I have stated in other reviews that I will get a "next gen" sytem soon, I'm still enjoying the "oldies" While this system may be "outdated" by today's standards, don't be so quick to rule the N64 out. The graphics and sound for it's time are not bad, and the controller fits well in my hand. Not a bad deal at all.prediction:0
reviewText:nintendo 64 is the best video game console in the world a true classic the best of the best all the n64 games rock games like super mario 64,goldeneye,the turok trilogy,castlevania 64,star wars shadows of the empire,kirby 64,donkey kong 64,jet force gemini,both zelda games,paper mario,mega man 64,resident evil 2,quest 64,earthworm jim 3-d and so much more buy this system if your a old-school video game fan you wont be sorryprediction:0
reviewText:The console has worked perfectly so far.  It shipped pretty quickly, and the price was reasonable.  I really appreciated the controller and game that were thrown in.prediction:0
reviewText:Exactly as ordered and better conditon than expected due to the age of this equipment. My 6 year old grandson found this himself and had me order it for him. This had brought him many hours of enjoyment.prediction:0
reviewText:Plain and simple, this is the best game console out there untill Nintendo's next system comes out. It has by far the best games and no load times. Nintendo is #1.prediction:0
reviewText:I was so disappointed in this game.  It really had very little story line and the graphics were poorly done as well as the puzzles.  I may have spent 3 hours on this game from start to finish and continued to be disappointed with the ending of the game.  About all I can say about this game is that they tried...prediction:0
reviewText:I bought this when I was in my &quot;Adventure&quot; mode. Several other games earned my dollar, such as Lightbringer, Gabriel Knight 3, Kings Quest 8, etc. This one, however, was not really with the $19.95 I spent.The visuals are beautiful. The gameplay is too linear however. You have to &quot;do this&quot; before you can &quot;do that.&quot; There is no way to accomplish your goals in multiple ways. Whereas this concept was astonishing 3 years ago, it no longer appeals to the gamer.Another gripe: WAY TOO SHORT. If Al Gore had played and beaten this game, he would have demanded a recount and a re-recount. (LOL...oh, the political humor!)Buy this game only if you truly are a fan of mindless puzzles and rail gameplay. If you want a little more freedom in a game with a little more depth, story, character development and replay value, look elsewhere.prediction:0
reviewText:Enjoyable game. I think another reviewer said it reminded them of 'MacGyver", that show where the character had to be creative with objects in order to get out of sticky situations. This game is somewhat like that. It wasn't too difficult - I only relied on a walkthrough once. It also worked fine on XP. The only problem is you'll need to download a patch from Dreamcatcher, & after that, you can continue to play.prediction:0
reviewText:I change my hardware acceleration to none and then nightlong worked on my 2000 ME. Also if i switch to game compatible setting it works ok.Otherwise it crashes in the sphinx room.For people with newer computers try switching to game compatible or turn off hardware acceleration and the game might be ok then.prediction:0
reviewText:Get it through your head THIS GAME stinks First of all the graphics suck,boring gameplay(I usually like realistic military games), coudn't acess campaign, takes forever to install.I would give this game 0 stars. I just bought it about 1 hour ago played it for 15 min. and then got bored... Try the Unreal series , half life or rainbow 6prediction:0
reviewText:This is the game that got me hooked on computer games.  You are an ant.  Well not just one ant, a whole nest of them.  You can be any ant you want and you can control them all if you want or let them do their own thing.  I was that type of kid that liked to play in the ant bed and feed spiders crickets I caught in the grass.  This game lets you do that in the summer/winter/spring/fall/summer/winter...prediction:0
reviewText:I randomly thought of this game, and when I wanted to buy it, I came here. It was well-priced, and I enjoyed playing this game.prediction:0
reviewText:Looking past the buggy engine and gameplay, the game is incredibly inconstant with previous Ultima games AND itself. The Avatar has to has...What a paladin is...this is just EA squeezing the last bit of promise from this game....One of the Avatar's Companions, Sir Dupre...for 4 games...Was a Paladin, and he sacrificed himself in the Stead of the Avatar in Ultima 7. That one line of Dialog killed the game for me.Don't waste your money and get one of the Better Ultima games.prediction:0
reviewText:As I'm unable to "fully" review this game, let me just say, the game is not compatible with WIN XP.  If you are lucky (or foolish) enough to still be running Win 98, then you may be able to get the game to load.prediction:0
reviewText:For those of you addicted to the star fleet battles board game, this interplay game automates all of the &#34;bookkeeping&#34; and provides a nice UI, you can play a computer, or your friends. One unhappy note is that it only runs on WinXP (ideally sp3). As I have Win 8.1 I had to build a WinXP VM and play in that. Also you may have trouble if MSS32.dll is missing from your system. I was able to find the DLL and drop it into the game folder, after that it played fine.prediction:0
reviewText:*****This disclaimer is for the company who sold the PC game thru Amazon. Its listed as "Complete w/Big Box & Manual". It arrived as a regular PC/DVD Rom movie box plastic case (not a "big" game box), and NO manual inside the "case"! You might as well order the game in jewelcase version and save the money,rather buy from this one. Amazon I hope you somehow force this company GAMEWIZARD to change its listing.******Black Isle Studio's games are some of the BEST RPG's ever made. You can't go wrong with this game!" Welcome to Sigil, the "City of Doors", a place with gates that lead anywhere in existence, provided you have the proper key. It is a neutral ground and watering hole for races across the multiverse, all under the watchful shadow of the Lady of Pain, the enigmatic ruler of the city. It is a place where the word is mightier than the sword, where thought defines reality, where belief has the power to reshape worlds and change the laws of physics." -InterplayA true RPG classic in its own right.prediction:0
reviewText:The original tomb raider, while lacking the visual panache of the third and fourth entries, and the intricate puzzles of all three sequels, is still the best.The reason is simple.  This one is fun!  the puzzles  are not needlessly obtuse, and you don't have to wander endlessly,  backtrack, turn up the brightness, and look in nonsensical places for the  solution to problems you can't even spot right away!the plotline makes  the most sense, and the level layout is far superior with the emphasis on  striking level design rather than puzzles.  Has there been any sequence in  any of the sequels to compare with the waterfall plunge and t-rex entry in  the lost valley?  Or the tower scene in Rome where you battle the rooms of  the gods?  I don't think so.  This is before you needed a hint guide to  find any of the bonuses and you didn't die fifteen hundred times trying to  solve far too many puzzles.prediction:0
reviewText:When i first played Age of empires i knew the 2nd one would be a hell of alot better than the first. It was so much better. The resolution was better, the castle age and imperial age are an excellent add on.(The dark age and fudel are just like the ones in age of empires 1.) The new weapons, buildings, castles are my favorite. This game has no end to the limits. Multiplayer is so much fun except when there is lag. This game deserves to be honored with 4 stars because of its authentic gameplay.prediction:0
reviewText:i never liked age of empires.i think ensemble never put much effort into it.well the video is terrible and it looks kind of glum everywhere even in daylight.the missions or campaighns were not highly interesting.well the only thing is that at times it males u think,and that cheered up the glum atmosphere.overall this is just a shadow of what age of mythology is.prediction:0
reviewText:Similar to the first gam in this series you are here to dominate the territory you are put onto.  Whether or not there is 2 through 8 players(computer or otherwise) is up to the player.  The Computer graphics on this game is far suprior to the previous installment. Well worth the price just for the graphics.  A novel of a game for any age and gamer level.prediction:0
reviewText:I think of this game as the ultimate toy soldier set that you dreamed of as a kid- only the toys are alive and intelligent. I've literally spent hundreds of hours playing this game , including more all nighters than I care to admit. If you are a military buff this game can become addictive. You can build whole empires here- either from scratch from the stone age, or with fully developed high middle ages technology (which includes gunpowder weapontry.) You have to build up the infrastructure for your empire including farms, fisheries, mines, and timber. Then you have to build workshops and training schools. Only then can you concentrate on the right mix of cavalry, infantry, archers, and artillery. Just the complexity of the castles and walled towns you can build is fascinating. Yet it is never tedious, you really get a feeling that you are actually building up an empire- your empire for your subjects. And every single individual unit is fully and believably animated. A major advantage of Age of Kings over the earlier Age of Empires is that you can order your fighting units into set formations like squares and lines, instead of just sending a mob into battle. The interface here is unbelievable- the &quot;giant&quot; map actually has the feel of a huge extent of territory- enough for a kingdom or an empire. I prefer this as a single player game- the program is smart and relentless enough to keep you constantly on your toes. Just try playing against 7 to 1 odds with no allies if you don't believe me....prediction:0
reviewText:Okay, here it is in a nutshell.  The graphics bite, and bite HARD.  The spell component system is so difficult that playing hack and slash by default is much more preferable.  And there is little if any help by the  GMs.  My two cents.  Buy at your own risk.prediction:0
reviewText:This game contains two classic Final Fantasy games. Easy to play and a lot of fun also. See the games that led up to the current Final Fantasy series.prediction:0
reviewText:I bought this to play FFVI, so I never played FF V. This remake just sucked....for one thing, the sound effects were screwed up, as well as some slowdown. Another gripe is no extras except a couple cutscenes and a monster encyclopedia. I guess I was expecting more cutscenes  and a lot of other extrasskip this and just get an emulator and play the original SNES versionprediction:0
reviewText:Seeing as I had FFI-III on handhelds and FFVII-FFX on playstation 1 and 2. I was looking to flesh out the rest of them.prediction:0
reviewText:Before I begin, I am big fan of the franchise.Game play and graphicsThe game play is old fashioned, graphics are SNES style.RPG style gameOne of the most difficult Final Fantasy games I have ever played.prediction:0
reviewText:I rate this product five stars because it works properly and it's just what I wanted. I like this product because I'm a huge fan of Final Fantasy video game series, and I would recommend this to any rpg gamer.prediction:0
reviewText:1. The game freezes up after you beat the final boss. Because of this, I can't get the ending or to create a system file.2. The spell "Ultima" deals 1-2k damage instead of 9999 if the caster has a magic power of 143.prediction:0
reviewText:First off, this is reveiw of ff6 in ffa. FF6 is my personal favorite of the cartrige-era FF titles. I bought FFA on a whim and am glad I did so. The first time I went through it, my memory card said 40 hours. While the disc-accasse times are at times unbearable, I worked around by using a ps2 and seleted the fast load option. Once you finish the game you will unlock FF6 artwork and the sound test. The feture I appecated the most was how you could memo-file(softsave) your game in progress.prediction:0
reviewText:If you own a PS or a PS2, you would be foolish to at least not try FF VI.  FF V you can take or leave.prediction:0
reviewText:These are some of my favorite games. I'm happy to add it to the collection and look foreward to playing it again.prediction:0
reviewText:The original "Medal of Honor" game is fun to play. Despite graphics that are cheezy by PS2 standards, gamers will find a thrilling experience! Grade: B+prediction:0
reviewText:I don't like this game. It is terrible. Terrible graphics and the fact that you can't use the joystick makes it harder to play. This is the worst james bond game I've ever played. I'm returning it.prediction:0
reviewText:I bought this Hot Wheels Turbo Racing game for my nephew. I must say it is pretty fun myself. Everyone has probably had a Hot Wheels when they were little. All of the classic Hot Wheels cars are on here. The objective is to unlock all of them. You start out with a few and you have to race on different tracks overcoming different obstacles to unlock all of the cars and win the game. Overall it is a fun family friendly game.prediction:0
reviewText:Holy fat mama! This game was the most hideous thing I have ever played.  Not only is it easier than the TV show, its twice as dumb!  The first and second questions I was asked the first time I played were the same stinkin'  question.  From the third game on, I never went without a repeat question.  You should stay away from this.  It will probably eventually drive you  insane by the low-fi sound clip of Regis saying &quot;Final Answer?&quot;  anyways.  Try some of the not-as-pathetic games by eXpert software.  Such  as extreme paintball, deer hunter, and other quickly thrown together  titles.  It gets a second star for being functional (barely)prediction:0
reviewText:I played this on a PowerMac G4 and it was incredibly stable.  I'd even leave the game sitting overnight, come back in the morning and start right back up without a sputter; also, shifts to audio and visual cutscenes were very smooth.The story is interesting.  You begin as a nearly frozen Arctic explorer who is looking for his father, and you find the Herculania, a mysterious luxury ship with people suspended in odd pods.  As you wander you see ghostly apparitions of past events, and as time goes by you piece together the macabre happenings and even find out what happened to your father.  In the course of your advetures you enter the dreams of several characters and these settings were as interesting as the beautiful ship's theatre, cabins and scientific rooms.Very well done first-person adventure game.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is the best mario ever made,even better than Super Mario Deluxe(DX). GamePro would say the same-this is it.5.0 is best,0.5 is worst. Heres what gamepro said(in a out-of-print copy):GRAPHICS:4.5 SOUND:5 CONTROLS(how much they respond):4.5 FUN FACTOR(how fun it is):5!  GET IT NOW!  OR ELSE!prediction:0
reviewText:Classic game that deserves a play through, no matter how you get you hands on this game you need to play this game.  If black and white gaming is not your thing nBuy the DX version which has added color ...yes brought to you in techno COLOR!5/5 heartsprediction:0
reviewText:Although this game isn't the best of the best sega games it is still a classic game.  A fun and entertaining way for you to spent a time, espically if it is with your friends.prediction:0
reviewText:This is one of Batman's best games out there, and for fans, can't be missed. Graphics are nice, the music is decent, and the story does the cartoon justice. It's too bad the gameplay is only average; it gets old kind of fast and could have used improvement.prediction:0
reviewText:I like the colors in this game. I feel like a free person. I get to play and run like a little cub. Way to go.prediction:0
reviewText:Long story Short, BUY IT, its highly addicting, the soundtrack is amazing and its so simple too, who wouldnt want this? Sonic The Hedgehog for the win! (FTW)prediction:0
reviewText:Fans of the first game must buy the sequel. It's a must have for any platformer fan.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is one of my favorite classic games and I was thrilled to find a copy. Now I can enjoy the nostalgia all over again!prediction:0
reviewText:The game was fun to play again. it a game that people that like the movie should get to play on the segaprediction:0
reviewText:Not many games are as mindless as T2, and believe me, that's not a compliment. You do the same old thing over and over until you can't take it anymore. And while it's kind of fun at first, it dries up quickly. Pass on this one.prediction:0
reviewText:what can i say, this game was awsome before and it still is. me and my brother have so much fun playing it.prediction:0
reviewText:I like X-Men 2: Clone Wars video game.  It is a lot of fun and better than the first X-Men game on Genesis.prediction:0
reviewText:Probably the best Xmen game before Xmen Legends was released. It's a side scrolling beat em up with light puzzles. You can be several of the characters including Magneto which makes it very fun and interesting. I would highly recommend this to any Sega and Xmen fan!prediction:0
reviewText:Looks and plays nothing like PC or arcade version and the moves are too complicated.  Get MK instead. Terrible.prediction:0
reviewText:this is a old classic wrestling game.  you can choose from Shawn Michal's, Undertaker, IRS, Bret Hart and a couple more.  for it to say WWF and genesis both mean that it is a very old game.prediction:0
reviewText:This right here is a 16 bit arcade wrestling game of all your favorite WWE 90's wrestlers like Shawn Michaels and thr undertaker and so on so if i was you i would buy the genesis version because the snes took out some wrestlers.prediction:0
reviewText:If you are going back to collect intendo games or even play them for a little nostalgia pick this up if you have a few extra bucksprediction:0
reviewText:The problem with this game is that it gets boring. Much like Jet Force Gemini there is too much collecting to be done. Plus, later levels suffer from camera problems.prediction:0
reviewText:If you have kids and want to play a 3rd person beat em up instead of Conker's, then this is the game for you. Yellow cartridge is fun to see too.prediction:0
reviewText:A simple game, tons of fun to play. I recommend it to everyone!prediction:0
reviewText:Even though this title hasn't received the worldwide success that Mario 64 has had, it still is a vital title for your N64 collection. Tasked with massive worlds and challenging collectibles, this game will have you going for hours.prediction:0
reviewText:This game was (and still is) awesome! I'm still amazed at the sound and graphics quality of this game, and I always have fun playing it! Some mini games are a bit confusing and incredibly hard. The golden bananas, which act like Banjo-Kazooie's jiggies, are sometimes also extremely hard to get. There's actually over 150 bananas in the game! To be exact, there's 201 bananas in the game, counting the giant (counts as 2) banana that you get for getting all of the banana fairies. This game took me about 6 years to beat (I still haven't gotten all of the bananas!) with other games in-between, including getting a Gamecube. Overall, this game is AWESOME! A must get for any N64 owner!prediction:0
reviewText:I bought DK64 when it first came out in 1999, and from the moment I started to play it I did not like it at all. It is way too complicated and difficult to play, and I would not recommend this game. Every time I tried to play it I just kept getting frustrated, and I had to stop playing it. Instead I would recommend Banjo-Kazooie or Mario 64.prediction:0
reviewText:This was my most anticipated that was going to come out on the N64. I had very high expectations for this game and not only did it meet them it amazed me the first time I played it. DK64's graphics are by far the best on the N64, the gameplay is kind of repetitive, and the sound isn't that bad. Anyone who liked Banjo-Kazooie/Tooie or Mario 64 will enjoy this game. The short version: Graphics: 4.8 Sound: 4.5 Control: 4.4 Fun Factor: 4.7 Total: 4.6prediction:0
reviewText:The Playstation version is not much better. This game just has terrible aiming and controls when it comes to turning on a dime.prediction:0
reviewText:Looking back, most people didn't expect much from this game, boy where they wrong as this game has a unqiue play style, story and enough action to keep one glued to the end.prediction:0
reviewText:theres this dude who must go through over 200 levels.he is basicly in a room with hundreds and hundreds of enemies.when he kills them all,he moves on.i got to level 180 once before my controler pak nuked my game.even by level 40 having a cheat that will allow unlimited tries isnt a bad idea.there will be like 10 new enemies regenerating every second.its pretty rough.prediction:0
reviewText:This game was much more entertaining in it's time. I bought it a while ago played it for 5 minutes then NEVER touched it again...prediction:0
reviewText:My personal favorite entry in the series. The music is flat out awesome, it;s like trance-electronic-dubstep-techno. Combined with the vivid flashing lights this makes for a trippy, fast paced, rave-like arcade experience. Does chug when loading new levels sometimes. The game is awesome, period. If you dig retro arcade games grab it, I doubt you'll regret it.prediction:0
reviewText:Besides the farily difficult to master controls, this game is a blast.  You play through the game as Dash Rendar.  It puts many elements of Star Wras into the game and many added bonuses such as views of worlds not shown in the movie.  Many levels and a high difficulty make this game a must have for any Star Wars or gaming fan.prediction:0
reviewText:Well this is still a pretty sweet game. now that i've played the game i want to read the book. This might be the first book related game ever made. This Game is sweet. If you are a star wars fan you gotta have this game.If you liked this game check out all of the other star wars games.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is one of the best Nintendo 64 games ever sold.  It truly is worth your money.prediction:0
reviewText:this is a fun game something like mortal kombat.  you get a about 16 charecters something  around there  and you fight till you destroy all of them if you are still standing.prediction:0
reviewText:Wargods is a much better game made by the same people for the N64. This game is somewhat glitchy and straining. Save your money. Buy a better Mortal Kombat game for a newer system. Not worth having.prediction:0
reviewText:este juego contiene todos los personajes y se pueden hace brutalitis lo cual este de miedo,es el mejor juego de peleas que hay lastima que en estos tiempos no hagan joyas coma esta,capaz me compro un n64 para tener esta reliquia y jugar con mis amigos.prediction:0
reviewText:blends 3 mortal kombats in one, not the first three games that i expected. game play was lame. Not for beginners very hard.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is so stupid, i don't understand why people like it. There is no real fun in it. For one thing you can't jump/ wich is dumb. and the attack moves are really duel. it sucks! do not buy this game.If by any chance you liked this game then check out all of the other Bomberman games.prediction:0
reviewText:Know is a REAL CLASSIC Bomber Man 64 people all over the world go nuts over Classic  games trying see who will win.prediction:0
reviewText:this game was my favourite when I used to have an N64. Infact, I think it still is my alltime favourite game, nothing else has managed to beat it. I miss this game alot, and it infact may be worth buying another n64 just for this game alone.If you like adventure/puzzle-solving games, this is absolutely the best.prediction:0
reviewText:The single player part of this game is a bit short and the multiplayer is where this game excels.prediction:0
reviewText:perfect dark is one of the best 1st person shooters of all time if you can only buy one game for the n64 get perfect dark they dont make games like this anymore get this game you wont regret itprediction:0
reviewText:This is an awsome game and there nothing more to sayprediction:0
reviewText:This game is very sexy. It makes James Bond look much better. I do not have the need to shoot like a maniac when I'm playing the man.prediction:0
reviewText:In my opinion, the only thing this game has going for it is that it didn't have any competition in the field of RPGs until the Zelda action RPGs.  The developers of this game should be ashamed of themselves for creating this.  I bought the game a couple of years ago and it still sits there and collects dust.  I probably played it for four hours or so and put it away.  I want those four hours back that I wasted.  Nevermind, I would just waste them anyways.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is to dark to see anything and hard to play with the controls provided.  I'd recommend upgrading to a different system for this game.prediction:0
reviewText:This is my favorite game of all time for the N64.  I can play it for hours without getting bored.  It is just so much fun and it brings back alot of memories of when I was younger playing it.  This time I won't lend it to anyone so they can not give it back.  Awesome Awesome game.prediction:0
reviewText:In 1997 Acclaim brought the very first Arcade quality first person shooter to the N64 with Turok, a primordial theme that defined future genres that would have to actually animate the end level bosses making them more realistic, trying to match what Speilberg did four years earlier, and come very close, meaning Turok was probably some of the best animation ever seen in a 1st person shooter. The story, the levels, the enemy AI, all of this was very impressive for its time and ACCLAIM have stayed ball players because of it. The graphics had people in AWE. This was the end of 1996 start of 1997. I had never played or seen anything like this before. The N64 was an awesome engine. ACCLAIM delivered a stunning entry game. Never forget it. WOW.prediction:0
reviewText:One of the best racing games of its time. I wish they still put as much thought into games so they can turn out like this.prediction:0
reviewText:Another lousey boring basketball game. where do they come up with these games. this game was stupid.prediction:0
reviewText:what a joke, this game is worthless. I wouldn't have taken this game if it had been for free, let alone 4 dollars!prediction:0
reviewText:Along with Mario 64, Wave Race was one of my intro games to the N64.Gorgeous graphics for it's time.Excellent control.A new breed of water racer that made you feel like you were right on the water.Inventive and challenging courses.A commentator that was funny instead of annoying.I really don't have any major complaints about this game. Even years later it's still fun.It's one of those games you put in, play it for a half hour and you're done with it.It's still fun, it's just not one of those game you have to invest serious time in.I give Wave Race my recommendation.It's not Gran Turismo on water; it's just a fun way to kill a half hour or so racing around.prediction:0
reviewText:this game sucks big time. it was boring and stupid.prediction:0
reviewText:Not that often, video games can really be very strong at the sea. Most of the time, there often misplaced, or even forgotten. Just like most racing games, they all seem to be exactly the same like yesterday's newspaper. In the case of Wave Race, it is a little bit different than meets the eye. Since the late 80's, jet skis became a popular kind of sport at sea. Nevertheless, it continues to inspire some of the most interesting games ever.Wave Race 64, was the very first racing game made for the Nintendo 64, in 1996. The game remains a classic, featuring over 8 different race courses by sea. The courses range from a simple pond, to a frozen course called Glacier Bay. As you win each cup, the races get increasingly difficult. Although the game lacks some value, with only four racers to choose from, it still remains a staple for any N64 gamer.While many people stopped buying Nintendo 64 games for quite a long time, due to the Gamecube, and Playstation 2, it does run up a faster time than most video game that require CD-ROM technology. Get this one, and start wave running away.prediction:0
reviewText:An underrated game that meets the requirements for espionage, sabotage, and elimination. Or murder, death, kill. Either way this game is amazing for your Playstation library.prediction:0
reviewText:for starters the blue guy hasent changed munch you get new stuff as time goes by you big bad guys you stop dr. wily once and for all you find a big metoer whats not to likeprediction:0
reviewText:I felt like they made Zero very... heavy. I didnt find him as useful for the most part. I dont understand why, in the first X they show Zero shooting his blaster and then nobody uses his blaster in later games, he just uses his saber. Youd think he could use both...prediction:0
reviewText:I don't see games like this anymore where the characters speak as they do.  This is one of those classic games that appeal to collectors.prediction:0
reviewText:Tomba! is one beautiful platformer. I first played it a really long time ago on a demo disc. I knew I had to get the full game as the demo offered a lot to do and it made you want to do more. Fitting for any age and/or any gamer (or non-gamer), Tomba! is original, fun and addictive. I got 7 more Playstation classics to get, one of them being the sequel to this game (Tomba! 2). I feel that it's never too late to aquire (a) timeless (PS) gem(s).prediction:0
reviewText:Forget everything you have ever learned from anarcheous first person blood-bath games.  You will need a totally different strategy for this game because when you're dead ... well you're dead.  You can't just reappear and  keep playing.  One shot + one kill = Realism.  You will have your back  against the wall, waiting to peek around the corner without making too much  noise.  Your heart will race and the adrenaline will flow as the dramatic  music heightens the suspense of who lies around the corner, or behind the  closed door ahead.  You will dim the lighting in your room and turn  everything else off so you can hear which direction the footsteps or the  gunshots are coming from.  You will be surprised, scared, shot from behind,  sniped, outnumbered or out-shot.  The replay value is extremely high  because of the online play, terrorist hunt, and lone wolf options.  Some  missions are nearly impossible on the highest difficulty setting which can  get very frustrating.  The online play is VERY addictive because getting  killed is more cause for revenge than getting fragged.  I would recommend  getting the expansion pack as well because of the custom mission option.  This option creates at least another month of replay value alone.  Can you  strike hard and quietly enough, without being seen and alerting the  hostages all at the same time?  It's up to you to find out!prediction:0
reviewText:the game works on ps1,ps2,ps3 and playstation emulators with no issuesmy first copy stopped working from playing it SO MUCH!!prediction:0
reviewText:This game was a real let-down for me. I really dislike the 3rd person camera. And it takes me forever to aim. I own all duke nukem games and this is the worst. Look for something else.prediction:0
reviewText:This disc contains the perfectly emulated arcade releases of R-Type and it's sequel.The games are punishingly hard unless you can power up to the max and then NEVER GET HIT!Like the classic Castlevania series, these games will chew you up and spit you out, if you let them.Not suitable for children, due to the profanities they will likely hear you scream while playing, and for the new profanities they will make up while THEY play.Plays on Playstation 1-3prediction:0
reviewText:if only IREM willing to re-make R-type on ps3 or ps4  that would cure my boredom of first person shooter syndrome. we need more games like R-TYPE, GRADIUS,CONTRA,EINHANDER.prediction:0
reviewText:This is my third copy kids destroyed the others now they are grown so this one has a chance to survive. Highly addictive and you get lost in time when playing several hours will go by before you know it.prediction:0
reviewText:This game not only entertains, it also educates. I learned a lot of stuff about tactics (such as the effects of both offensive and defensive artillery upon infantry, tanks, etc), the uses of different types of units, and the elements of blitzkrieg.After playing a hundred or so hours it will have you feeling as if you are a compitent general, capable of changing the course of history.Of the many things I learned from this game was how effective an army could be held at bay at a natural barier (such as a swamp) by a dug-in force with artillery. After learning this I heard of many true battles which used this exact same tactic (such as the marines holding on for their lives during the early stages of the Korean war).The game even inspired me to write a book.prediction:0
reviewText:This is without a doubt the best game on Sega Saturn!!  This is what childhood is about; innoscence. Mine was taken from me when I had Cancer at age 4 and when my dad was 20 years in the Air Force!prediction:0
reviewText:Galactic Attack is a memorable game for me, because as a kid it was one of the first games that I bought for the Sega Saturn. Shooters were always close to my heart since I grew up near quite a few arcades. Galactic Attack was a lot of fun since you could shoot down enemies in the background in addition to the foreground. It had an added layer of nuanced depth that made it feel more tactical than other shooters. Other than that unique element, Galactic Attack feels very similar to Raiden, because it's a pure space shooter, without any of the odd or quirky elements or art direction that you might find in other games in the genre. It's a really tight and well made shooter for any fans of the genre. If you have a Sega Saturn and you're not looking to spend a lot of money, this is your best choice. You should also give Darius Gaiden a look, which is another superb shooter that Acclaim published for the Sega Saturn and it's very affordable.prediction:0
reviewText:I had this game growing up and man it was fun. I spent many a nights and days playing it. The only complaint is that it was a little short. I got used to it and could burn through it so fast. It was awesome though and what I wouldnt give to have back my Super Nintendo and all my games from then...including this classic.prediction:0
reviewText:All I Have To Say About This Is GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!prediction:0
reviewText:I enjoyed the first two games before this one...this game has a few more secrets to find than the old ones.  Though it does suck you cant play as Donkey Kong as you cant in the second one.prediction:0
reviewText:Doesn't match the pic and I don't remember any mention of this by the seller, Again European version. I'm sure it would work on a European SNES.prediction:0
reviewText:the game came in and had another persons name in white out on it and didnt even work. waist of my cash.prediction:0
reviewText:I didn't really get hooked on this game as much as other Zelda games like Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask. It is a fun and challanging game none-the-less!prediction:0
reviewText:Hands down, The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past is the best action/rpg ever made.prediction:0
reviewText:The best game of all time I've had this game for over 13 years and I still play it all the time you will not get sick of this game it is well worth the moneyprediction:0
reviewText:When I bought my Super Nintendo almost four years ago this was one of the first games I owned for it. Now I have a stunning 119 games for the SNES alone, meaning it has the biggest selection of games of any of my other systems. NO ONE SHOULD DISLIKE THIS GAME IN ANY WAY, IF YOU DO, YOU MUST REALLY DISLIKE CLASSICS IN GENERAL. It is one of the wildest and insane games ever made, and that is a clear signature of the originality of Nintendo. The game is basically about Mario and Luigi battling their way through the island while defeating the forces of Bowser yet again and rescuing the damsel in distress YET AGAIN. As you beat the different sections of the island you move to larger and much more challenging sections of the island which get crazier as you move from stage to stage. The boss battles can be challenging and funny because of how the bosses are designed. No retro gamer should miss out on this hilarious and original game that is still a lot of fun to play despite its release almost 20 years ago (in a few more years it's going to hit 20). One problem is the fact this game can be quite challenging and confusing in some areas. And the Game Boy Advance version of this game lets you play either Mario or Luigi (it doesn't make you stay exclusive to one during segments of the game). Still, if you don't have a SNES, you can easily find this game on Game Boy Advance and it looks and plays the same as the original classic.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is a classic.  The story is tha same as the original Mario bros. games, though there are new enemies, and levels.  It is definetly a must get.prediction:0
reviewText:Im sick to death of mario.  The ultimate best mario game is new Super Mario on DS.prediction:0
reviewText:When you mention an Super Nintendo, this should instantly come to mind.  Everyone that owned a Super Nintendo System had this game.  It is a classic.  This game and the Donkey Kong series are the best games for Super Nintendo.  If you have only one game for your SNES, this is the one to have.prediction:0
reviewText:this is the ebst mario game ever each world has its own character and there are tons of secrets to find which will keep you playing for hoursprediction:0
reviewText:This game is a classic and is one I will probably be coming back to for the rest of my life.  Don't buy this on the Wii - get the original experience by playing this on the SNES.prediction:0
reviewText:Had to have it, I am a bit of a game collector even though I hardly ever play them anymore and all the Mario games are classics.prediction:0
reviewText:still amazing came with my super so many years ago i think i was like 6 or something and now im 22 and i still play it its amazingprediction:0
reviewText:superb 2d classic.much enjoyment to be had!5 stars!prediction:0
reviewText:Mario's off on his biggest adventure yet,and this time he's brought along a friend.Yoshi the Dinosaur teams up with Mario to battle the ugly Bowser,who has kidnapped Princess Toadstool,AGAIN!Guide Mario and Yoshi through nine peril-filled worlds and meet new guys you hate you!MARIO'S BACK,AND THIS TIME HE'S BETTER THAN EVER!!!prediction:0
reviewText:MM rulz!Also, be sure to pick up the new Mega Man artbooks for the X series and the regular series.They are limited, so get them today!prediction:0
reviewText:Super Star Wars, released in 1992 and still one of the best 16 bit games for the SNES. Graphics, control, gameplay and fun factor all rate the above 5 stars. Adjustable difficulty makes the game fit your playing ability. A must own for SNES owners.prediction:0
reviewText:O.k. I'll put it out right now and bring the big guns,...combined couldn't even compete with the "hint of mint" of this game.Zoop was terrible. It was supposed to be the new Tetris and it turned out to be the new garbage of the day. Zoop was everywhere. It was in every magazine, every commercial and every home system yet the game still flopped because of it's horrid gameplay.You were a little triangle. Your job... match colors and shapes before a row of colors touches you ... Oh by the way, that's all there is to this game. How fun right?Of course not. Zoop was the biggest hype and also the biggest flop ever, or atleast that I can personally think of off hand. Honestly, it wasn't even worth playing. If you wanted to get frustrated all night long playing a game, then all you needed to do was pop in Zoop and then you could be angry all night long.Do not play, buy or even look at a screen shot of Zoop. It'll destroy your brain and erase all of your known gaming abilities for other games. Avoid it!prediction:0
reviewText:Mortal Kombat, back in 1991, dominated the arcade scene and gave Street Fighter II a run for its money. So when news broke that it was coming out for the SNES and Genesis consoles, everyone rejoiced and the bragging rights for best version of this game was up for grabs. When the dust cleared, it was obvious each version had its pros and cons.For the SNES this was, for the most part, a faithful port of the arcade game. It had all the stages and the "Test Your Might" mini-games, the original music, the original characters plus the secret character and the end boss, Shang Tsung. The graphics were crisp and clear while the music sounded just like in the arcade game; controls were easy to get used like in the arcade game. However, the game came heavily censored; the blood was changed to look like sweat. Some of the fatalities were toned down considerably and replaced with "non violent" finishing moves (Kano, Sub Zero, Johnny Cage and Raiden.) They even went as far as to make sure you could not send anyone through the spikes at one stage that takes place on top of a bridge when you wanted to fulfill the requirement to fight the secret character, Reptile. The controls, while easy to get used to, were slightly changed from the arcade game and some of the basic moves were taken out entirely.So it was a major gamble for Nintendo that didn't pay off; the Genesis version, while regarded as inferior to the SNES version because of its fuzzy graphics and featured different music for the stages, had the gore and fatalities available as long as you entered a secret code. Sales wise, it beat out the SNES version as punishment for the backlash against Nintendo's family friendly policy.Pick this one up only for nostalgic reasons as Mortal Kombat II, is the sequel and better game and it came out fully uncensored.prediction:0
reviewText:fatalityprediction:0
reviewText:He's a basketball player, yet Shaquille O'Neal made it so big with his basketball career that he thought that he could expose his name in the mid 90's.Shaq Dieselanyone? That was hilarious. Now look what Shaq came up with: a fighting game. Just by having the biggest name on the front of the cover tells enough what the quality of this game really comes out to.The video game consists of bad punchline dialog before the fights, a plot that's just predictable and stupid, lame graphics, and controls that are so agonizing to handle that it's just completely pointless.This game was voted one of the worst fighting games for a reason. No need to waste your time on this when there are far superior games released on the SNES with much better plots and controls.prediction:0
reviewText:The censoring is no big deal, however, there are some negatives to this port.The game is a bit slow, not that much though. The game is rather dark too, so enemies can be hard to spot. The game's window is smaller then usual too.However, this game is still awesome, and classic.By the way, this game comes with a RED cartridge.prediction:0
reviewText:This is a total classic as it brings the original Nintendo game into better light with far more competition, challenge and cartoon violence. You are the boxer, &quot;Little Mack&quot; or &quot;Little Joe&quot; one of the two, and you must work your way up through the boxing circuit by ofcourse fighting in bouts finally getting to one of the titles. I recommend renting it first before playing it, because I am sure its not for everyone.prediction:0
reviewText:Trust me, the Super NES version of Super Wrestlemania is awful in every sense of the word.  The way the wrestlers *very* slowly walk across the screen JUST to deliver a simple generic wrestling move to your opponent (because the game company didn't give any of the wrestlers many moves to work with) is worse than any kind of pain you can imagine.I can't believe anyone would consider buying this game, unless they had personal childhood memories attached to it and they were buying it BACK after giving it away or something.  The one thing it has going for it is the selection of legendary wrestlers.  Once you select one of those wrestlers and actually play the game, you're in for a nasty snail-pace surprise.  So bad, so boring, so forgettable.prediction:0
reviewText:The fact that those two wrestlers aren't in this version of WWF Wrestlemania: The Arcade Game is reason enough to avoid it.  Yoko Zuna is a big guy with very powerful moves, and Bam Bam is yet another big guy.  It's odd how they didn't include either of the two BIG guys on the Super NES.  It's not like this game has a lot of options and wrestlers anyway, so to take away two wrestlers and leave you with only six is just ridiculous.  Get the Playstation version.prediction:0
reviewText:In this game we find a new storyline among the vampire world that is brought to life in this tale.  However, the saving of the games in progress are horrible and sometimes it doesn't save and a whole section needs to be redone because of it.  Although, that part is a CON for the game, the Pro for the game is that you get to see a character move through history and his way of trying to gain some sort of redemption for himself because of what he is.prediction:0
reviewText:I have had this game for awhile. I still go back and play it once in awhile the single player version. However there is a multiplayer battle game also available. If you like the star trek voyager serious then I would suggest getting this game. However if you like first person shooter games you may still like this as well. I just recently installed this game on Windows 7 professional 32bit version it runs just fine on it. Even though it on the back its for Windows 95/98/NT SP5/ Win2K. I did not set the compatibility for it either. However others might have to do just that depending.prediction:0
reviewText:this game is awufal. it has loads of bugs, and gets slow towards the end of it. There are very few units also. I have had it for 3 days, and i am already board. Also the AI is really bad. I need to play on the hardest  setting, and it is still easy. If you want a better game for less price,  then buy Starcraft.prediction:0
reviewText:this game will keep you on your toes very happy with how well this game was taken care ofprediction:0
reviewText:Havent played the game to beat it yet. Everything works though and came in on time. I have no complaints.prediction:0
reviewText:This and every other Street Fighter game ever made is overrated garbage.I can't believe how much people used to like this game.I've always hated Street Fighter.I think it was because I have always been a diehard Mortal Kombat fan,and since Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter have always been,and always will be rivals,I have,and will always,side with Mortal Kombat.MK had everything that this game did not.SF had dull cartoon-looking characters,while MK's characters were digitized and looked very realistic.SF was also more for kids,while MK blew everybody away with it's over-the-top violence and buckets of blood n gore.The gameplay was also so much better in MK as well,compared to SF II.Overall,If you want a REAL fighting game for your Genesis,get the Mortal Kombat games,and don't bother wasting your time and money on this or any other Street Fighter game for that matter.prediction:0
reviewText:This game, while a decent port from the PS version as far as a port goes, is very frustrating.  First it's difficult to learn and play, and the graphics sometimes makes gameplay even more difficult.  (BTW, it's not really scary.)  The most annoying thing for PC gamers is you can't save the game at any point.  Instead there are only a limited number of occasions where you can save your progress.  The novelty factor is no longer than as there was with the original RE (which was not as novel as the truly original Alone in the Dark).prediction:0
reviewText:There should be a very easy setting. The game is much too difficult for me which makes it unplayable.prediction:0
reviewText:Hell Yeah! If you're looking for a gritty, no holds barred third- person shooter, this is the game for you!prediction:0
reviewText:Max Payne is a must have for any serious gamer. The graphics and realism are all that anyone could ask for, however you must be sure that you have a system that can handle the kind of power needed to be able to enjoy this game to the fullest. If you don't, all you'll be able to see is choppy, slide by slide movie looking gameplay, which takes away from the game, and makes it so that it's virtually unplayable. The bullet-time mode is what really makes the game though. It slows down time so that you can kill multiple enemies in one room, while taking minor if any injuries to yourself. Once again, a must have for any serious gamer.prediction:0
reviewText:Doom is a killer game...Unfortunatly, after the coming of games like  Duke Nukem 3D, Quake and Unreal, Doom seems a little, uhhh... old. Not to  say it isn't fun! This game is hours of entertainment, it's just that after  being able to jump, have more debris/ carnage, and voices in newer games,  it leaves &quot;Doom&quot; in the dust. If you've never played this game  (I.E. you've been in a coma), it's probably one of the best you'll ever  come across... Doom is addictive, it's just that the standard for this type  of game has been so very much improved!prediction:0
reviewText:they should have included it in the doom multi pack.Not compleat without this doom.prediction:0
reviewText:I remember playing this game with my younger brother at the arcades during the 90's and having a blast. This is one of those games where there isn't much strategy and you just basically shoot away and try to obliterate anything moving on screen.The Playstation version is reasonably close to the arcade graphics-wise and offers the same twitch game-play. The only downside to this game is that it is pretty short. The fun doesn't last very long. And of course, you MUST use a light-gun to mimic the arcade experience.prediction:0
reviewText:this game has some things that i liked about it the snes version is more closely related to the arcade version than the sega genesis  the color is alot sharpen & it's more difficult to finish than the genesis version the sega genesis version is much easier to finish & alos you can pick up an extra coin which gives you an extra continue the snes doesn't do that & when you play the level with the red truck it's much harder to finish for the snesprediction:0
reviewText:If you don't think a game where you fly Star Wars star fighters is awesome then you're worse than six bags of Hitlers.prediction:0
reviewText:In the tradition of Warcraft and Age of Empires, comes Force Commander. You get the chance to control a fleet to do ground battle against (mainly) the Rebels. While this all sounds exciting, the controls and interface are not easy to master right away. The 3D graphics make the game harder to view rather than being an enhancement. If it were easy to control and view, this would be one of the best RTS games. Stick with Age of Empire.prediction:0
reviewText:x com is the best strategy game ever made if you have a ps1 and the cash get this game its well worth the priceprediction:0
reviewText:ok first off NO dot-matrix gameboy title is ever worth $400.00 This outdated game was bad then, and worse now. Get your Metroid fix withMetroid Prime Huntersthe instead... for about $20 bucks!prediction:0
reviewText:This game you must have in your collection instead Mario you be Wario  trying to save the princess from an evil genie.prediction:0
reviewText:Donkey Kong was originally an arcade game in the early '80s that Nintendo put out to gain exposure. It turned out to be a hit with gamers and it was soon ported to and was one of the launch titles for the NES in 1985. Nearly ten years later, Nintendo released the sequel to the hit '80s arcade game for the Game Boy. Simply titled "Donkey Kong", it was a runaway smash for Nintendo as it was a puzzle platform game with the original 4 levels from the arcade game plus 96 brand new levels exclusively made for it. It sold millions of copies and is a fun game that will take you hours and hours to complete.Donkey Kong sticks to the same story as in the arcade game: You control Mario who must navigate a maze avoiding traps and enemies in order to reach Pauline and rescue her from Donkey Kong. After you clear the original 4 levels, Donkey Kong kidnaps Pauline again and you chase after him through multiple worlds each with its own theme and levels. Now the main goal is to find a key in each level and use it to unlock the exit. To update the game and keep things fresh, Mario can use new moves, weapons and items to take out the enemies. He can even use ladders and flip switches to gain access to other areas of the levels. Once you finish a level or use all your lives, you are prompted to save your progress so you don't have to start over once you turn the game off.The PROS: This was a proper way to make a sequel to an arcade game that helped put Nintendo's name out there. Everything in the game worked and every aspect of it complimented each other. Playing through 100 different levels was impressive and it never felt repetitive. The new features that were never in the arcade game helped kept the game fresh even though the goal was always the same. On top of that, Donkey Kong was one of the first game to take advantage of the Super Game Boy peripheral that Nintendo released for the SNES (it played all original Game Boy games.) It did that by coming with additional colors and an exclusive border screen when you used the Super Game Boy to play the game and it looked fantastic.The CONS: None.Nintendo would continue to release similar games on their other portable systems as it proved to be successful with critics and gamers alike. If you like puzzle games and/or are a fan of the original arcade game, you had to pick this up. If you haven't played it, it is worth searching for a copy so do it as soon as possible.prediction:0
reviewText:yes that is all everyones favorite gorilla can say after playing this its amazing this is a combo of Mario vs DK + Donkey kong + mario bros + super mario 64 = one shocked gorilla, how did they fit all this into a gameboy game plus three save files? well dont ask me buy the game!.................. well what are you doing still reading this review!!??? buy it now or ill get some barells kidnap pauline again.prediction:0
reviewText:I like this game is that kirby has some help to back him up in the game and it fun.prediction:0
reviewText:I practically play this every day and i still havent gotten tired yet! nothing can beat this game... this is the best game ive reviewed!prediction:0
reviewText:The best racing game ever!!! why? The controls. This game is very easy to control. Which is a huge thing that is missing from every other racing game I have ever played.prediction:0
reviewText:I bought this game as a 'kid friendly' game for my children. As it turns out our whole family, myself included, plays the game. It has become a staple for family fun night. I would recommend this game for anyone of any age. I am very pleased with this purchase.prediction:0
reviewText:this game is so much fun the tracks all have there own unique features and each character adds something to the game. the weapons are the best. if you have a snes still and don't have this game then you need to buy it todayprediction:0
reviewText:Once you get past the semi-weird steering, you'll begin to realize that the first of a terrific series of kart-racing games has a lot to offer. You get to race in around 20 tracks as your favorite of the eight playable characters, and use items against CPUs or your friend.I'm pretty sure everybody's favorite item would be the Star. I mean seriously, who doesn't like it?The 2-Player Battle Mode is where you and your friend pit against each other and throw random kinds of stuff at each other until one of you lose.Overall, do you wanna see what was first kart-racer has to offer? Go ahead and buy it.prediction:0
reviewText:A very fun game that I remember playing with my cousins back a couple decades ago.  Play it with a friend, it brought back lots of fond memories.prediction:0
reviewText:This is a classic game. It doesn't any better than this (except for maybe Mario Kart 64). This took me back to when I was younger and played games on my SNES. Its just the same as it was back then, pixels, catchy music and all.prediction:0
reviewText:This game started the Kart series and many of its features are still staples in the Mario Kart games made today. The game can be played one or two players and includes single races, GPs, and a battle mode. Even during racing modes, items can be picked up and used to boost your kart or attack your enemies.prediction:0
reviewText:GRANDSON HAPPY WITH IT SO I ASSUME EVERYTHING WAS OKprediction:0
reviewText:Only costs $10 (plus tax) to download via Wii Virtual Console. Note: you'll need a GameCube-style controller compatible with the Wii. Wikipedia says Nintendo released this game for just 30 cents in the middle of this year. Still, $10 isn't a bad price to pay for one of the best video games of all time. It's certainly cheaper -- and probably wiser -- than purchasing an ancient SNES cartridge that may or may not still work.prediction:0
reviewText:one of my favorite games growing up. that first boss literally scared me due to his overwhelming size. crazy to see how far games have come when compared to current games.prediction:0
reviewText:I was checking up on old SNES games to buy off amazon and came across this game. It was going for $30 at the time and I was thinking there is no way I'm going to pay that much for this game. Luckily, someone on my bus was selling his old SNES games. I offered him $5 and I got it.What he got was $5 to buy some more weed(cause he must have been smoking something to sell me this game for $5). I got one of the best Nintendo games of all time. It has an excellent story, excellent graphics and character models(by SNES standards), and the music is outstanding. Its by far the best soundtrack for any game(besides Donkey Kong Country). The game never gets old and it never ceases to amaze me how entertaining it is. I guess SNES games are like fine wine, they get better with age.prediction:0
reviewText:When rumours of new 32-bit consoles were becoming a reality many fans began to forget about the Snes, that was of course until the release of `Donkey Kong Country'. A game so ahead of it's time that at it's first E3 showing many reporters mistook it for a N64 game.With a revolutionary graphics engine and fantastic gameplay to boot, `Dkc' took the gaming world by storm and indeed acted as the final nail in the Megadrives coffin. Also notable is that this was the first `Big hit' from gaming giants Rare who would follow with the classics `Goldeneye' and `Perfect Dark'.Another important point is that this game `is' completely without flaws, the rendering is perfect and the games music is one of the best soundtracks ever recorded. In technical retrospect `Dkc' is a 2d sidescroller with a 3d graphics overhaul, in English any fan of platformers should not be without this inspirational classic.`Donkey Kong Country' was also the largest ever cartridge at the time carrying a massive (at the time) 32mb, and `til this very day the game remains a classic. If you still have a Snes or your a retro gaming fan like myself you should pick this up as soon as possible.prediction:0
reviewText:This has to be one of my favorite Super Nintendo games of all time. The graphics are excellent for its time; however, they still stand up to todays standards in 2d sidescrolling platformer games. I recommend getting it for the Super Nintendo, Wii Virtual Console, and Game Boy Advance.This game consists of three game files you can choose to use. Also make sure the game has a game battery that works or you will not be able to save your progress once you access Candy's Save Point located closer to the end of the first world (Kongo Jungle). Futhermore, playing the game with a dead back up battery is no fun especially when you do not feel like playing it anymore for the day; and the next day you turn the Super Nintendo on and the progress that you worked hard for did not save like it should. On the other hand, the music is very catchy making you want to sing it while you are in the levels especially in the first level.prediction:0
reviewText:THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS GAME, ACTUALLY THIS WAS A BIRTHDAY PRESENT FOR MY NEPHEW. HE IS ENJOYING THIS GAME SO MUCH THAT HE IS NOT SHARING WITH HIS SISTERS NOR ME. THANK YOU ONCE AGAINprediction:0
reviewText:Now I can play my Zelda games instead of them sitting in a box collecting dust or going to a yard sale.prediction:0
reviewText:Pros- Amazing graphics (for its time)- Visual (different than graphics)- Amazing controls- Amazing gameplay mechanic- Replay Value- Soundtrack- Characters (Enemies)- StoryCons- None, this game is perfectprediction:0
reviewText:this is my favorite super nintendo game and it never gets old from beginning to end. Glad to add it to my collection. If your trying to decide whether or not to buy it, just do it...because the longer you wait the more rare and expensive these classic games are going to becomeprediction:0
reviewText:This was purchased as a gift for my daughter.  Since she has been home this week-end for the holiday it has been checked out and is working perfectly.prediction:0
reviewText:Not a huge fan of this game.  Too hard for the children to enjoy, and I got bored quickly.  If you get hit, baby Mario gets knocked off your back and you have limited time to recover him or you die.prediction:0
reviewText:this game has alot of worlds and is challenging to beat at some points it is a two player game as well solo u also get alot of new gaurdians then number 1prediction:0
reviewText:I think the repetitive level design and the fact that it can be frustratingly difficult at times definitely take away from this unneeded sequel that doesn't even feature the title character. Still, It's not that bad of a game overall, It just lacks some much needed originality.prediction:0
reviewText:Kids really enjoy it even though it is older.  Still fun for adults too who have never played it.  Downloaded from Wii-Shop Channel for only 200 coins thru Club Nintendo.  Requires classic controller. Getting it for basically free using the coins was a plus. $800 for an old game cartridge is insane when you can download it to your Wii for under $10 if not free.prediction:0
reviewText:if you are stuck onthis game then go to my website [...] thanksprediction:0
reviewText:In all the "New" ones for sale that I have seen, the sellers admit that it is, in fact, NOT NEW. Frankly, the fact that Amazon doesn't do anything about this blatent lying does not instill much confidence in me about their system.That said, This is a wonderful game. it's the game that first got me to actually PLAY rpgs, as opposed to just watching my friend play them. It's a Square RPG, too, so it's not like Nintendo just paid some two-bit developer to hack out a crappy Mario tie-in (unlike most of their older Mario tie-ins), They went with the best of the best, and it shows. Beautifully 3-D rendered (for the SNES, I mean) and a joy to play. Definately worth buying if you are morally opposed to emulation.prediction:0
reviewText:when i was young i was more into mega man games and typical mario side scrollers this made me get into rpgs! after this awesome expirence i played all kids of rpgs i highly recomend itprediction:0
reviewText:Does not work with Retro Duo System! This is not a flaw with the game. Just get an original system if you want full compatibility.prediction:0
reviewText:yukyguo,y fktfk tk 5k tduj tdk tdj tr kjtdkdcuj xtrjjr tk r dkjrd kjrskj rkjtdyk td kytk t yktprediction:0
reviewText:THIS IS THE BEST SCIFI GAME TO COME OUT SINCE STARWARS IN THE ARCADE. PURE SCIFI ACTION THAT IS 100% ORIGINAL AND SATISFYING.prediction:0
reviewText:The music, the challenge level, the ability to link-cable with other players...this game is formative and fantastic. I never truly tire of racing against my fastest times.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is the reason why I bought a 3D accelerator card for my PC. Simply Amazing. The best game ever made by Psygnosis, too bad Wipeout 3 is only on the PlayStation. (Boo-hoo)prediction:0
reviewText:Classic. I don't think there is more to say than that. Games like these will never die. Wish I could say the same about current games....prediction:0
reviewText:sonic the hedgehog is AWSOME! it saved sega from defeat at the hand's of nintendo's big, gray box. the speed, music, graphics, and gamplay are all top knoch. it's easy and hard at the same time. it's games like this that make you want to shiver with excitment about what's going to happen next as you play.if you don't have sonic the hedgehog, you do't have a genesis. simple as that.prediction:0
reviewText:Gunstar Heroes has been my favorite Genesis game, it is action packed, and there are tons of levels.  Just when you think u beat the game, your adventure takes you to outerspace.  The 2 player gameplay  really adds to the experience. This game is a must have for anyone who enjoys Sega Genesis. Get this game! You will not be disapointed!prediction:0
reviewText:Back in 1993 Sega released a dull, lackluster video game of one of the biggest films of all time. Quickly realizing their mistake they hashed out a different version of the game, claiming it would be bigger, tougher and better.It isn't. It's a slow, boring game.You can choose to be either Dr. Alan Grant or...a Raptor. Both have their problems. Why would Dr. Grant go around killing all those army guys (just what are they doing in the game)? And why a Raptor be killing other Raptors? Weird.Obviously not learning from their first mistake Sega really dropped the ball on this so-called Rampage Edition. One of the slowest, sluggish and dullest platformers I have ever played.prediction:0
reviewText:I have one of these, and it is perfect for Mortal Kombat (on both Genesis and Sega CD), Street FIghter 2 SCE, and other fighting games. And it still works with older Genesis and Sega CD gamesprediction:0
reviewText:I played this on the sonic mega collection and I must say this game is fun and challenging I actually defeated Dr. Robotnik and his robots after I understood the rules of the game which at times left me baffled.prediction:0
reviewText:What happens when you take away Sonic's speed? You get Sonic Labyrinth!This game is more of a puzzle-platformer than an Fast-Paced Platformer. Which is why this game gets a 2 STAR RATING!prediction:0
reviewText:Arrivedin timely manner, wrapped and packaged very well. The game was complete, came with everything. The game works just fine, except I'm unable to load a saved game.prediction:0
reviewText:Perfect ^^  It had no issues, the game works well, everything came perfectly, and I can't wait to actually start working on this game.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is a little different from the other PS one Final Fantasy games.  You have many characters and can send some on sidequests to earn money and experience while proceeding thru the game with other characters.  There are jobs the characters can learn which give them abilities.  The battles are different than early FF games and require more thought.  The terrain in the battlefield varies and you need to be able to jump or do things like that to reach items.A very enjoyable game if you like older rpg's.  An asset to the FF series.prediction:0
reviewText:I played this game exclusively for almost 4 months on the original Playstation.  It is arguably my favorite game ever on the Playstation.  The different options for your characters was nearly endless.This game offered so much fun, I almost want to go buy it again.  Almost.Overall = Superbprediction:0
reviewText:I was given this game by a friend who didn't want it anymore.  Now I see why he was so quick to just give it away.  This game is the worst of all RPG's.  Weak story, repetitive gameplay, bad music, and graphics that make me wonder whether this is a Playstation game or a GameBoy Color game.  Stay away from this at all costs.  You'll see it selling for about $2.99 at some ebgames stores.  The price is that low for a reason.prediction:0
reviewText:This is a game I was introduced to back in 1996, after it came out, at a friend's house. It is put together a lot like Secret of Mana, graphics and all. It has the same item ring design, and the characters are similar. The music, like Mana's, is one thing I remember the most about this game; I find it to be haunting, though I can't put it on equal footing with Secret of Mana. For one thing it is a single-player game. You can't play it with a friend, and the story is not quite as deep. It's actually predictable. You can assume from the beginning the boy is going to go home. All in all, though, it is still one of my all-time favorite games from this period in my life.prediction:0
reviewText:The formula for this game is simple - Solve one mind-numbingly hard puzzle after another until you beat the game - Simple!Unlike any of the Final Fantasy, Suikoden, Breath of Fire, Wild Arms, etc..., there is no:()Random monster battles every 20 seconds.()Experience points.()A bevy of party-members to mix n' match and constantly upgrade.()Complicated and numerous menus to learn and navigate.The Legend of Zelda of the super Nintendo era is the only game that plays like this one. Why do they not make more games like this one? The game is hard, yet the formula is simple.You will most assuredly need the cheatbook to get through to the end - it is that hard.Though the graphics are simplistic by most any standard, they are still well-done and convey what they are intended to; a fantasy world populated by friendly villagers and homey houses. The story is well thought out and interesting, also.The monsters and bosses are mostly easy - it is the puzzles that will impede your progress.This game is fun because it really makes you think. The pure unmitigated joy of solving 3 or 4 puzzles in a row w/out using the cheatbook is fantastic! And when finally admitting defeat while stuck at a particulary vexing puzzle, you will read the solution in the cheatbook and then shake your head in annoyance at the simplicity of the answer, and ask yourself 'why didn't I figure that out myself...the answer was so obvious.'High kudos for this obscure little game and a wish that more RPG's followed Alundra's winning formula of less is more.prediction:0
reviewText:When the demo of thi game came out I was pumped. Then i playedthe demo, a bit dissapointed. So I had a few extra bucks to spend so Ibought SoF. Was I dissapointed? HECK NO!This game is cutting edge technology! Using an upgraded version of the QuakeIII engine, Ghoul, it gives the most splended graphics any game has had so far. There are many weapons. A lot of weapons you must actually slavage off the battlefield. Most weapons deliver a massive punch, and some dont. Each one is very fun to play around with esspecially the Heavy Machine Gun (If you've played the demo and seen the cut scene, the soldiers dressed in black have them). Multiplayer isn't anything special, and it shouldn't really interest anyone. One thing I found rather interesting about this game is that when you have a feeling that you are going to beat the game, some guy coms up with more objectives and you go on some more suicide missions. Overall this game is a super game and it should se the benchmark for ANY FPSs coming out in the near and far future.  ENDprediction:0
reviewText:I throughly did not like this game at all. Unless you enjoy being on a set track and taking pictures of pokemon with a limited amount of film and giving them food or bombing them or playing music for them and taking more pictures. Then this game is not for you.prediction:0
reviewText:This game really sucks! I rented it once for five days and I played it for one day and then I beat it! It was so stupid. It is worse than mario party 3! If you are a first time game player, don't get this game. If you have been playing Games for 50 years,  don't get this game. This is the worst game ever.prediction:0
reviewText:Such nostalgia. Still worked, even when i brought out my old nintendo 64. Can't seem to get enough of it.prediction:0
reviewText:Very addicting.  Have put more hours on this game than any other on the nintendo 3ds.  The fact that the game is very accurate makes it very fun.prediction:0
reviewText:This is one of the best games from the last 10 years.  Awesome game play and art design.  Too bad it wasn't a hit.  The AI of the bugs is amazing very hard to shoot them sometimes.  I never completed the game either.  I do think all of the endless collecting was a bit tiresome.  Perhaps, the game only flaw.  Anyways, pick this game up.  Where else can you play a game that has a dog with jet pack and machine gun attached to it?prediction:0
reviewText:After beating Gnasty Gnorc, Spyro is ready for a nice relaxing vacation. He and Sparx set their sights on Dragon Shores, a sunny resort world. Meanwhile, in the world of Avalar, a small mole known as the Professor (along with Elora the faun and Hunter the cheetah) is programming a portal to transport a dragon to their realm. The Professor has recently made a big goof and transported the dinosaur Ripto and his cronies Crush and Gulp to Avalar. Ripto, detecting no dragons in the area, has decided to take over and make himself king of the realms. Spyro and Sparx gallop into the portal for Dragon Shores, only to end up in the Avalar realm of Glimmer. The trio brief him on the situation before Spyro begins his journey, ready to flame broil every enemy that stands in his way!The attacks are the same as the first game, your charge and flame. At certain points in the game there are powerup portals that allow different types of abilities in game. There is a flight powerup, a superflame powerup, and an invincibility powerup. Each of these will run out after about thirty seconds or so, and faster if you get too far out of range. Sparx is still your health meter, and there is plenty of colorful fodder around to keep you healthy. The levels are just as colorful and interesting as last time, although rather than dropping gems, your enemies release a sort of shining soul when they're released that will unlock the powerups. Your progress is saved by yet another new character, Zoe the fairy, who zaps you with her wand; if you lose a life, you return to the last location Zoe zapped you.Your main goal in each level is to collect orbs, which in turn unlock other levels, and talismans, the magic of which unlock boss battles. Orbs are scattered throughout the realms, as well as won in side quests and minigames. After Ripto is defeated, a certain number of gems and orbs is needed in order to unlock Spyro's original destination, Dragon Shores.This is a fantastic sequel to the original Spyro The Dragon, almost all of my favorite levels are in this game! I have a particular attachment to Scorch and Shady Oasis.prediction:0
reviewText:Ok, i'll go on and tell you this is a very fun game. It's a bit more challenging than the 1st because you have harder things to do to get orbs. Sometimes you have to do something for someone, while others you just have to find a hidden orb lieing around in the bushes. Anyway, this isn't as fun as the 1st, as i've already said. It's only diffrence are the sound Spyro makes when he hops and the plot. Here's a review:Grapics:9/10Sound:10/10Plot:6/10Control (D-pad)5/10Analog:9/10Should you buy it:If you're a true fanprediction:0
reviewText:like game, haven't play for long time ago. enjoy play game as fun and better than boring? or what? no ideaprediction:0
reviewText:when Sony started the grandtrismo game they started a historical event.  one disk is arcade to race against a buddy  and the other disk is for campaign other words the story mode if you want to use that term.  there has to be at least 200 cars i did not play this for a while so i do not remember.  this game got's wonderful cars.  You can also upgrade and modify the cars with weight angle etc.prediction:0
reviewText:GT2 is one of the all-time classics in any genre. The variety of cars is staggering and the physics model is top-notch. Even with the advent of four new gaming systems since GT2 hit the scene, the graphics hold up pretty well. It's a must for the collection of any gamer that even remotely enjoys cars and driving.prediction:0
reviewText:You don't have to be a Crash fan to buy this, this will keep you hooked for at least a month and it's 1 of those games that used to make me get up at 6.00 in the morning. It's like Mario cart were you drop bombs behind you and there are all sorts of power ups to collect. This has the usual collecting items thing.prediction:0
reviewText:in my opinion, this game is better then mario cart. crash is back with all his friends and enemies in a winner take all racing game full of nitro, missiles, and spinning tiki masks. this game is so much fun alone or against others!prediction:0
reviewText:I still regard this as the best RE: when you think about it, RE2 is half a dozen games: 4 scenarios between the main characters, plus 2 unlockable scenarios with secret characters. That's not counting the arcade-like &#34;Extreme Battle&#34; mode and costume rewards. Add that to the perfect balance of suspense, puzzle, and action gameplay (with the fact it's strongly replayable) and this might be the most robust RE they ever made.prediction:0
reviewText:Awesome game. Classic graphics brin me back to my childhood. I recommend for anyone who like classics and horror games.prediction:0
reviewText:This resident evil game is the best in the series on playstation system wat can remember about this game u can the dual shock for it.prediction:0
reviewText:That's how long it took to get here in Indiana, 24 hours only, i couldn't believe it. thank you 150%prediction:0
reviewText:I couldn't get passed the first level it is like impossible. You have to like be a pro at the game or somethinprediction:0
reviewText:There are 5 levels in this game. On my first try I beat 4 levels. It is easy and short! You also can't save the game. If your, let's say, on level 4 and you lose all your lives. Then you have to start at the begining again. ( Kind of like Mario. ) This is the really bad thing. If you turn off your gameboy and turn it on again, you start at level 1 again. It is not fun to keep playing the same levels over and over. I would say this is for little kids that do not get frustiated easly. ( If there is any little kids like that. ) I say pass this up, Kirby fans, and try another game.prediction:0
reviewText:Like the first Megaman game, this one features a mix of Robot Masters. This time, you get the 4 Robot Masters from Megaman 2 that were not featured in the first GB Megaman game, as well as four from Megaman 3, and mix them together here. All in all, I say stick with the NES series, because the Gameboy series was nothing really impressive and followed the same formula for the first four games.prediction:0
reviewText:The early 90s were very prolific for Capcom and their flagship mascot Mega Man as, up to this point, he graced the NES and other various third-party systems in multiple titles in only so few years.  And after Mega Man dove into the Game Boy with "Dr. Wily's Revenge" a few years prior, it didn't come to any lick of surprise that he would appear again in the now-obligatory sequel once it came to light.  And like its predecessor, Mega Man II recycles older NES elements, including enemies, bosses (now from MM 2 and 3), and even, this time around, most of the level constructions, making this an original title in name only.  However, this is much more playable than the hard-as-hell "Wily's Revenge", where Mega Man's movement scheme is improved, items are much more plentiful (especially extra lives), and the familiarity of the stage structures will enable all players to fly through this in almost record times.  Far easier than the first Mega Man Game Boy title, and that in and of itself will probably warrant further replays.  Enjoyable even in its "for completists only" appeal.prediction:0
reviewText:This game takes the best elements of Mega Man 2 and 3 on the NES, and puts them together for a gameplay experience you won't soon forget. You've got Rush the robotic dog, energy tanks, and other innovations. Once you defeat the robot leaders, you'll battle a mysterious foe, and then enter Wily's space fortress(see the melting clocks in the background? Either Wily has found a way to distort time or he's in to Salvador Dali's artwork.) Give this game a whirl if you have a Game Boy. It shouldn't disappoint.prediction:0
reviewText:This is the original pack in game that came when you bought a Genesis before Sonic existed. It originated in the arcades and gained a huge following of gamers. However the game is extremely short and not quite varied anough to really keep your interest. I believe that casual gamer will find it boring and shallow. However collectors obviously must have this game duie to the history alone.Casual Gamer: Pass on this one!Collectors: Get it just to have.prediction:0
reviewText:interesting idea of konami to use the idea of each stage taking place in a different country some players may find it difficult to finish theres one thing i thought wasn't fair  if you start with 4 lives then go on to stage 2 with 2 lives you use all your lives & then when you get a password then you decided to use it & you find yourself starting exactly with the same number of lives at the stage where you left off (2 lives) i would recommend trying to find a 1up so you have more lives than you originally started with & then use them all up so you can get that password i dod the same exact thing for every level so i would never be short on livesprediction:0
reviewText:an awesome entry in the Castlevania series, and one of the BEST Genesis games ever!Do your duty and pick up a copy TODAY!5 huge stars!!prediction:0
reviewText:The idea of virtual reality was starting to float around and Sega lacking the actual means to attain virtual reality made a game where the character is PLAYING a virtual reality game that takes your life should you lose. This game is BRUTALLY long with no saves or even passwords to save your progress. The only way to &#34;quickly&#34; return to where you are is by taking warp spots which put you an undisclosed number of levels ahead. You get no indication of how far you are and since this games is quite long and difficult, being able to know how far you are would help quite a bit. Problems aside it is still a fun Genesis game to play/ownprediction:0
reviewText:THE BEST !!! I extremely wish this was available for purchase on the play station store and x-box live arcade , especially an upgrade edition where the bosses in order from levels 1 to 10 are thug leader , T-1000 , robocop 2.0 , T-1 ( rise of the machines ) , E.D.209 , T-600 , the really muscular T-800 ( salvation ) T-E.D.209 ( aka T.E.D. ) , the T-X ( rise of the machines ) and skynet. Which reminds me , what were the names of the bosses at levels 4 , 6 , 7 , 8 ( T.E.D. )and 9 ? Who were the voice actors for this 1000% better genesis version ? And finally , if not a live movie of the game / comics , why not an animated ? And it better be 90 minutes or more long.prediction:0
reviewText:robo cop is awesomeprediction:0
reviewText:I have had this since i was little and i still play it between this game and Sonic adventure for Dreamcast they are the best sonic games you can get just trust me. If you like old school games and haven't played these. Buy them!!prediction:0
reviewText:i like side scrolling fighting games i find the graphics very colorful i felt that it was a little too hard to finish here's what i'm talking about you have to play the game on a highrer diffculty level just to finish the game completely & not playtwo thirds of the game & telling you to try the hard level your going have to do so if you want the true ending get the best ending possible especially when it comes to mr. x you have to beat him within a certain time limit  the characters fighting styles were very impressiveprediction:0
reviewText:I like the game a lot. I use to play this game a the time in the arcade it is awesome that it is on the segaprediction:0
reviewText:ok gameprediction:0
reviewText:Ever had that one fave game,that you wished had been on other consoles?this is one of those games! when I first bought it years ago,I could not get enough of it.there were alot of silly things,and silly ways to defeat the zombies and martians..this is one of those games,I wish that Konami made for Playstation and PS2If you still have the Geneis,I recommend this very highlyprediction:0
reviewText:So many years later and many incarnations later how does the original Mortal Kombat stand up?Well............it's still fun.The graphics for its time were excellent.The game play was fast and frenetic.The over the top gore was simply jaw dropping...and really...that is probably the single most important thing Mortal Kombat has given us.Controversy.Protests.Parents screaming about how their younglings were being corrupted.You have to appreciate how MK was simply in the right place at the right time.The game that helped revolutionize the home consol market.MK has gone from simple 2d game play to z axis 3d and now with the rebirth of MK due in 2011 it appears MK kreators are taking the game back to its frantic 2d roots.It should be interesting.Why not, it's been a heck of a ride so far.Mortal Kombat 1.Innovative.Ground breaking.A must play even if it's just to see where it all began.Highly recommended.prediction:0
reviewText:Classic MK. You cannot go wrong. You CAN get a better version though. Seek them out!prediction:0
reviewText:I bought this as a replacement controller. This controller is so much fun to use and it is the perfect controller to learn how to play video games with.prediction:0
reviewText:I remeber first playing Phantasy Star 2 when I was getting into video games. It is what a jrpg should be- a quest that easily takes 10+ hours to finish. The graphics are very anime-ish with fitting music. I am now on my 2nd play-though of ps2. If you play it, be sure to download a faq for it.prediction:0
reviewText:What you're expecting more? Read someone elses review!It really is the best game ever!prediction:0
reviewText:Excellent game! Tactics based game that is fun and engaging with RPG like elements. One of the best games  ever made for the Sega Genesis. Don't miss out on this one!prediction:0
reviewText:I'm a fan of the Spiderman franchise.  After getting this game, I was looking for it to be really fun and exciting.  I can definitely say that I wasn't disappointed.  Thanks.prediction:0
reviewText:The Sega genesis is a legend.  If you don't believe me then why after almost 20 years are its games showing up on multiple consoles such as the XBOX 360 and PS3?  This console saw some of the best days of 2D and the earliest days of 3D gaming.  The Genesis core system 1 was the first to be released under the name and it was able to play old Sega Master System games, the first home console with backwards compatibility.  The core system 2 had a sleeker design and stereo sound unlike the core 1 which had only mono.  Both core 1 and 2 had ports of the Sega CD add on.  The last core, the core 3, was a cheaper version.  To lower prices on it the port for Sega CD was removed on it and the manufacturing was somewhat below par.  In my eyes the Sega Genesis Core 2 is the better choice as it is stereo and supports Sega CD.  If however you want to play Genesis and Master System games then a Core 1 is your only option.prediction:0
reviewText:It's a classic, its scary, and its a sin to not ever play it.prediction:0
reviewText:In the mid-nineties (I forget the exact year), Capcom turned the video game world on it's ear with Resident Evil; a game which at the time was nothing like anyone else had ever seen before.  What many condider the first survival horror game (although the original Alone in the Dark can be considered that as well), you play as either Chris Redfield or Jill Valentine: both of whom are members of S.T.A.R.S.; an elite special forces group who are investigating a series of murders and attacks in Raccoon City.  They are led towards a mysterious mansion in the outskirts of the city and are sent in when the first team sent in is never heard from again.  Inside the mansion you are pitted against a horde of zombies, mutated dogs, beasts called hunters, and many more mutated lifeforms all straight out of a B rated horror movie.  What made the game so fun and addicting was the suspense (remember the part where everything is quiet and your walking down the hallway when out of nowhere the dogs come bursting through the window?) and the graphics engine which combined fully 3-D models of the characters and beautifully pre-rendered backgrounds.  While the &quot;find the key to unlock the door&quot; puzzles are tried and true (especially by today's standards), this original installment in the Resident Evil series is still loads of fun to play, and if you've never played it before than you should consider this essential playing.prediction:0
reviewText:this collection of games were okay, the best one out of them all was super packman. the rest were not worth playing. :(prediction:0
reviewText:I have been playing video games my entire life and this game is the worst game I have ever played. You can't walk two steps without fighting an enemy and it takes hours to go through one very small castle because of this. The gameplay is horrid,and boring, the music is painfully redunant. Everything about this game sucks! I threw it in the trash!prediction:0
reviewText:you create things.That's about it.You also fight these little flying lizard-things that pour our of a hole in the ground until you build a building over it.This game will keep you entertained for about an hour,then it gets boring quickly.My advice is to rent the game before buying it.prediction:0
reviewText:Yet another fun Enix action RPG with a creation theme. You play as a god who must clear various countries of monsters (using 2d platforming segments) and then build your civilizations (using a very basic Sim-type of development system).prediction:0
reviewText:The gameplay is horrid, the graphics sucks for SNES and it's just very very boring to play.prediction:0
reviewText:I cant believe noone has reviewed this yet.At the time of its release it was hailed as one of the best games for the SNES. Today it stands the test of time as one of the best games ever.Hopefully Nintendo will come out with an SNES compilation disc with this game as one of the features.prediction:0
reviewText:THE PUNCHING IN THIS IS NONE STOPING ACTION.FOR SNES BATMAN RETURNS IS THE BEST ACTION GAME OUT THEIR.PS GET IT FOR THE ACTION.prediction:0
reviewText:Batman Returns is a brawler game for the SNES, much like Final Fight and Turtles in Time. You go through several stages beating up the bad guys. Some stages are 2D with minor platforming action. One stage is simulated 3D and lets you drive the Batmobile.Two things make this game one of the best Batman titles ever released. Gameplay-wise, Batman has tons of moves to keep the fighting from getting boring. Besides your basic combo, there are jump kicks, a glide attack, and multiple grab attacks that let you bash heads together, slam bad guys into the ground, or smash them against objects and the background. Multiple enemy types, environmental hazards, and fun boss types keep the levels fresh.Presentation wise, Konami went all-out with making the game feel like the movie. Graphics and design are accurate to Burton's unique visionary style, and almost all of Danny Elfman's hauntingly rich score has been captured on the SNES cart with amazing accuracy. Rendered shots of characters and scenes from the movie give the game that authenticity that we are only starting to get on a consistent basis with today's movie tie-in offerings. Plus tiny details (such as being able to duplicate Batman's encounter with the stun gun clown) make the game come to life.The only thing missing is 2-player mode, which really wouldn't have fit with the movie's structure. Definitely sets a high standard for all Batman and movie tie-in games, and an essential piece of any Batman game collection.prediction:0
reviewText:Now you can play Batman just like in the hit film Batman Returns(1992).This game [rocks],and Batman will kick it!You must save Gotham from an army of ..clowns,Catwoman,and the Penguin.A game for everyone!prediction:0
reviewText:I'm glad they have a game or two with Captain America in it. He is one of my favorite superheros. I really enjoyed this game. It was really fun to play. I recomend this game for everyone. In this game you also get to play Iron Man, Vision & Hawkeye.prediction:0
reviewText:THIS IS ITThis is the game that would change my view of videogaming FOREVER!Imagine if you will, a perfect soundtrack, a perfect story, a perfect game. A game about a mans fight against the ultimate evil: Dracula himself.Yes, you may ask, why bother reviewing this game now that it is so old? Well, I can see there are a couple of used titles left, so get your copy if you haven't played it. This game belongs with the games that go to the ultimate cloud 9 heaven.A MUST EXPERIENCE!prediction:0
reviewText:Some might say that to compare Final Fantasy: Mystic Quest to the rest of the series is unfair, since it was clearly aimed at a younger audience.  However, when you use a brand name to sell a product, the product had better live up to that name.  This game is not a Final Fantasy game, and only a complete FF completist should own it.  It takes under 10 hours to beat, and even a six year-old could probably beat it.  That's pretty much the point of it.  Final Fantasy II and III for the SNES are far, far better than this monstrosity, and they still remain my two favorite games of all time. Save your money and buy those instead.prediction:0
reviewText:It takes two hits to kill every enemy, except bosses.  The undead bosses take one hit -- one cureall spell.  If your age is in the double digits in years, this game will probably be too simple for you.  NOT RECOMMENDED.prediction:0
reviewText:the levels take place in a different country, you have to play it on expert level to get the whole ending &  there are a couple new character to pick from besides haggar from the original final fightprediction:0
reviewText:a piece of broken crap. This is not even for the nintendo 64. i got robbed and was givin a broke ass toyprediction:0
reviewText:i have to say even since gradius made it's way to the super nintendo system & beyond i have taken an interesing in gradius games gradius 3 for the snes is one of the best there is because it offers you more variety of weapons, the stages are very nice with sharp colors & 16 bit graphics & it is not as hard to finish unlike the original nes gradius game & also you have an option menu that can let you change the number of lives , adjust your game level whetjher its easy nomal hard etc. the harder the level you play the game on the better the endingprediction:0
reviewText:This is a game to pick up for the SNES, because, just like Pocky and Rocky, it's an action game that does not and can not miss.  It's funny, quirky, and challenging.  It's well worth the replay value.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is about as exciting as going to the library to read UA history books.  Literally that is all you do, find items, find their place in history, fill in your history book and that's it.  Plus hours of walking around looking for turtles which can't hurt you.  The bosses or enemies in this "game" cannot hurt you....where the hell is the fun in that?!?!?!?  This is easily the worst game ever, even worse than the NES version.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is dum. All you do is go around looking for Mario.There's no action, no fun, no nothing. I can't beleive people bought this boring, pointless, and funless waste of money.prediction:0
reviewText:Mario is Missing is the worst Mario game on the face of Earth.Nintendo shouldn't have given Software Toolworks the Mario license.Mario is Missing is a horrible crummy educational game that isn't really educational.prediction:0
reviewText:i just had to tap the game hard against a hard surface because the game card was not straight so other than that i'm happy with the product.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is an old family classic for us. For its time it was an amazing game, especially the hacking in the game.prediction:0
reviewText:Star Fox is one of my all time favorite Star Fox games included Star Fox Adventures and Star Fox 64 3D. The graphics are awesome included the hyperspace.This game is hard and I beat all of the pathes and my favorite path is the first path. You have 3 pathes to chose, the top path is normal, the middle is easy and the last is HARD. If you chose the last path, you beat all of the stages to you will fight Andross at the last stage, and he will change his face to a devil like monster that is why the third path is hard.prediction:0
reviewText:TMNT 4 rocks i hope they make a TMNT game of the new tv series it would rock too. This game is tons of fun. and it is non stop game play. Everyone will like this game.If you liked this game then check out all of the TMNT games.prediction:0
reviewText:Very fun game and played it for hours so far.  I looked up a guide to see how far I was and holy s***!  I have a lonnnnng way to go!prediction:0
reviewText:come to my website if u are stuck on ff6 or 3 at [...] thanksprediction:0
reviewText:MK 2 Rocks, this is a really fun game, and it's better than the first. there are new characters and returning characters. And ther is new fatalities. This is one game you gotta play.If you liked this game check out all of the Mortal Kombat games, Movies, Books & cd'sprediction:0
reviewText:this game is so boring, don't get confused this is nothing like the other kirby games. It's in the style of tetris. and it gives tetris a bad name. This was a disapointment.If you liked this game check out all of the other kirby gamesprediction:0
reviewText:the snes version is way too hard to finish the sega genesis version is alot better & easier to finishprediction:0
reviewText:I can't say enough about this game.  It was an epic rpg that didn't take itself too seriously.  The other day on the forums someone asked if they knew about an rpg like this one and I honestly could not come up with anything.  This is TRULY a one of a kind game and I don't think we'll ever see another like it (though I am praying for a current gen sequel).prediction:0
reviewText:(...) earthbound SNES is the best game EVER*echo**echo**echo* (...)prediction:0
reviewText:I own this one.  Have not worn out my scratch and sniffs yet.  A must for collector of SNES carts.prediction:0
reviewText:Seriously, it's a cord. one end goes in the TV, the other in the Gamecube, it works and that is all a cord really needs to do. so if you need one, then buy it.prediction:0
reviewText:I also buy This For Cousin  He Had to Replace Gamecube  Av Cable used it  everyday an enjoyed uesd itprediction:0
reviewText:Why not let's go off the Xanax with this one for git's and shiggle's hey.This cord is amazing. It offers the new technology of the ages allowing attachment to the superior RCA format of connector. The striking contrast of the life giving blood red , yellow that could only be defined as having the delicasy and creaminess of egg yolk and the absence of life defining white provide a true striking contrast that only the world's finest artisan's could possibly hope to create. The black hole darkness of the length of the cord is wrapped in only the finest rubber by the hands of the wonderful 8 year old children who operate the machines. Truly a work of art by any standards of such , this cord is to be purchased and displayed in a place of honor in a room of your house were only treasured guests are allowed passage. There are rumors this has been hung in the private halls and studies of royalty. It has even been whispered that Kim Jong Un has the largest collection in the world in a salt mine guarded by the north's finest military force , hand picked by him. I think this say's it all.prediction:0
reviewText:Works fantastic on every Nintendo console I've used them on, including SNES, N64, and Gamecube. The picture is vibrant and I've had no interference issues as I've had with other cables.prediction:0
reviewText:for cereal, they totaly work and its like my nintendo can turn on and i can see it and junk.prediction:0
reviewText:It does Exactly what I need it to do. Now off to find a converter and Power cable II =)prediction:0
reviewText:My roommate got an old N64, and a bunch of games at a yard sale.The guy at the yard sale said all we were missing was the AV cable. So we ordered this, and it works perfectly!Now we're playing Mario Kart like its 1996 all over again.prediction:0
reviewText:Well I have to say something about these and all I can think of is that if you have a super Nintendo then you need these.prediction:0
reviewText:It serves its purpose. You just can't play any video games on your snes console unless you have this controller.prediction:0
reviewText:The product was accurate, in adequate shape and delivery date was as well....i give this user and its dependability 4.8/5I would purchase from this user again as well as recommend them to others, due to FAIRNESS in PRICING and INTEGRITYprediction:0
reviewText:I normally shop at GameOver Video Games in Houston,. Tx so far with them I had to return 5 games that did not work, now with that said Retro Games I had no issues everything was nice and clean they even hook me up with a free magnet with purchase I will always shop from them for now with every retro game.prediction:0
reviewText:If you thought the NES was Nintendo's major big shot, think again. The Super Nintendo triumphed over its previous system with 16-bit graphics and its then-new Mode 7 technology in which it performs glorious fake 3D.The game library is just as huge as the NES's library.The SNES also had its fair share of peripherals, most notably the SNES Mouse and the Super Scope.While the NES lasted from 1985 to 1994, the SNES went on from 1991 all the way to 2003, and yet it still remains to be a popular system! It is that awesome.prediction:0
reviewText:I have NEVER played another video game console like the SNES.  I upgraded from the NES, then upgraded to the N64, then DOWNgraded back down to the SNES.  I've played the Wii and the DS, too.  Nothing whatsoever comes close.  For those of you that remember this old system, if you don't have one anymore, GET one.  For those of you that may be too young to have gotten into the SNES, DO it!  You will NOT regret &#34;downgrading&#34; to the SNES.prediction:0
reviewText:Don't miss playing this game as the original or re-release.  This is one of the 3 essentials for the SNES RPG player.  Not much more needs to be said, if you play this game you will not be disappointed...and if you see all the endings, you're a lucky person.prediction:0
reviewText:after u beat the place where u get robo at go to the place with the portals and knock the bucket over doing this will make u teleport straghit to the last boss lavos this is trueprediction:0
reviewText:This is the best BOF. The thing that sucks about this one and the fisrt BOF is the dragons. Not bad, though. Second only to Zelda!!prediction:0
reviewText:Mega Man X3 is one of the best games and better than X1, X2, X4-8. In X3, you can play X or Zero, Mega Man X3 had many many sercets like the gold armor. To get it, you have to get all pf the heart tanks, have all of the armor powerups, full of 4 E-tanks, go to the Doppler stage and start at the first stage, have full health, beat the t-rex boss and be careful not to get hurt and waste one of your E-tanks if you do, you will not get the powerup. If you have the gold armor, you will have the edge to beat Sigma. If you are a huge fan of Mega Man X3, BUY THIS GAME.prediction:0
reviewText:mega man X3 is awesome a classic the best of the best best video game ever buy this game if your a super nintendo fan you wont be sorryprediction:0
reviewText:This is a newer update review here are some tatics and staics for the bosses to kept this short I wil not tell how the games ends just tastic to use to make it fasters and easier at boss fight. Here are static and tips for frost buffalo may very per game.The first time you fight frost buffao trie use a fully charged megabuster as muchas possible s since rapid fire resitance is the same as in previous game 10 to 21 hits.Megabuster is stronger like in original series on nes and playstation strenght 5 to 9 hits will kill this maverick if charge up to max blast strenth.( Use the same startegy for the stay puff marshmellow man sized doctor robotnik lookikg robot boss that fight before this in the epilogue stage)Due tunnel rhino next his weakness is the frost shield I think megabusters is not as effective take like thrice the hits  that white buffalo took so either experiments and she if ice shield does more damage will dogging if not use megabuster until you get his super weakness.I have to go to a reaustarant with peole in my program I'ahave this sent know. I will resend it later redited and update with this notice cut out and strategies for the other boss fights. (some times if the computer goes a slept for to long this is somewhat rare it might not be able to reactice and bypass sleep mode with out doing a reset I done want to risk lose all this text.Thanks for reading this you go Mega Man!prediction:0
reviewText:ther are very few games that are worth this kind of dough. When i looked this one up the price had me spinning! after purchasing this game i have officially topped of my SNES collection, and its impossible to be a hardcore megaman fan without this game. If your a fan of skillful fighting suicide jumps that you actually make, and etc., you may find a warmer welcome with the plain megamans 1 through 7. However if your passion is new bigger weapons that wreak the ultimate havoc on evil, pick this one up, believe the hefty price tag is nothing compared to the smiles this game will put on your faceprediction:0
reviewText:I liked it and all, it's just that this game didn't seem to have a heavy theme as Lufia I did - the impending doom surrounding the game.prediction:0
reviewText:We all enjoyed this game and had fun.  My oldest boy lists it as one of his favorites.  The ending kept me from giving it 5 stars.prediction:0
reviewText:Of all  the games in the Kirby franchise, this one is probably one of my favorites. It has 8 different games to play, each one offering a completely different experience. I would recommend this game to any fans of the Kirby franchise.prediction:0
reviewText:I can still vividly remember buying HM SNES from Games4Less in H.B. back in 1996. As I recall, it cost$59.99, a reasonable price compared to today's prices. Hm just drew me in, I was tired of all those side-scrolling games and needed something fresh & original. I read an article bout HM in a videogame magazine,Game Pro or Nintendo Power, remember those magazines hardcore gamers? Lo and behold, after arrivinghome, I popped it into my SNES console, which I no longer have,RIP. This game would be best described as afarming sim and RPG. There are no clocks, time passes from sun up to sun down. If you're playing, you reallyhave to watch if it's getting dark. You start on a farm and are given a house, the rest is up to you how tomanage your farm. Fortunately, there are villagers who help you along the way. This game is not for everyone.if you like action games, this game will bore you to death. It takes quite a bit of patience to get settled in.You &#34;reap what you sow&#34; applies to HM, you get what you put into it. If you find a copy of this game, the pricesare just ridiculous for HM on Amazon. If you have a WII, just buy it on the Virtual Console for 800 WII points=$8.00. Recommended only for hardcore RPG-Sim fanatics like me, lol.prediction:0
reviewText:SF2 was an arcade sensation. It revolutionized fighting games with its graphics, sound effects, and, most importantly, combo hits. It's no wonder why SF2 sold millions when it was released for the SNES. This version does justice to the arcade game with awesome graphics, awesome sounds, and awesome gameplay...the combos are in the game! This was the game by which other similar fighting games were judged by. Also look for SF2 Turbo, which is the original SF2 with playable bosses such as Balrog, Vega, Sagat, and M. Bison, and turbo modes (increase the speed of the game to lightning speed).prediction:0
reviewText:As a fan of the Kingdom Hearts series, I thought I should go back and play this game.  It is still as fun as it was when I was a kid.  Like the partnership between Square Enix and Disney, Capcom and Disney made a sweet game here.prediction:0
reviewText:Levels are way to small and game play isn't very exciting. Characters wont think for themselves at all and if one gets killed you lose; So much for the red shirts!I'm not even sure it was worth the $10 I paid for it.prediction:0
reviewText:This game is not as interesting and fun as I thought it would be. For those players who are familiar with Commandos - This game is very similar. The character development is terrible. Characters are driven in the game to only what piece of equipment (Sniper Rifles, Tricorders, or Vulcan mind melds) they are carrying. You cannot chose your favorite character for every mission. Missions are based upon what character has what piece of equipment. The graphics and sound are decent.Gameplay = 7/10Graphics = 6/10Sound = 7/10Value = 6/10prediction:0
reviewText:...To getting 5 stars!  This is in many respects an excellent game!  I am a big fan of the regular Dragon Warrior series, and one of the big features of that series were the well-conceived battles.  They aren't quite as interesting in DWM, because there is a maximum of 3 foes at any one time, allowing for less complexity.  However, there are many compensating features--the monster breeding, the tournament levels, and, particularly, the random dungeon layouts.  And the game does not end at the end--far from it!  Far off in the distance is the possibility of defeating the master trainer, and farther still the possibility of collecting all the monsters.And it is in that last area, alas, where the game's fatal flaw resides.  The final monster is generated by a complex, multi-generational breeding process.  And two of his many ancestors that cannot be bred can be found only in a couple of dungeons that can be accessed only by winning, on three diferent occasions, five consecutive games of rock-paper scissors against other characters.  Think of it--that means you would have to try an average of 729 times before doing this!  And to add insult to injury, you have to suffer having the instructions read to you each and every one of those 729 times!  A true masterpiece of playtesting stupidity.  However, there's enough else in the game to warrant 4 stars. Just don't say I didn't warn you.prediction:0
reviewText:These games are classics. Many of the game sounds, sadly, are not from the arcade games of yesteryear (they are, in general, more annoying). The Nintendo 64 controllers perform fairly poorly with most of the games in this collection. If you are the nostalgic type, want to reminisce about all those times you bummed quarters off your best friend (or your parents) at the local pizza joint, don't mind consistently low scores, and can get this game on the cheap, go for it! As for me, nostalgia only goes so far.prediction:0
reviewText:horrible graphics, bad controls, annoying guy in your ear saying &quot;no tangos in site&quot;  It took me about 30 minutes to beat on the hard difficulty level.  I bought it back when it cost 70 bucks, plus i thought i had to buy a control pack to save a game.  You dont need to save a game, because if you cant beat it in one sitting  you shouldnt be play video games.  Go out and buy a ps2 and play some real games (n64 is dead)prediction:0
reviewText:My title says everthig , this is a poor attempt by sony to COPY the legend of zelda , same style , same dsign of characters , except musashi , the princess , and everyone else of this gsme is so STUPID , and CHILDISH ARRRGGGThis RPG is OK .......... and NOTHING MOREprediction:0
reviewText:If you are a fan of both survival horror/adventure and Role Playing, then pick up a copy of this interesting video game. If not, don't even bother. It's a fantastic experience that almost everyone can enjoy.prediction:0
reviewText:big fan of square enix before it was even square enix, very like the style of there other games just for an older audience. would recommend for first playthrough to have a guide of some sort, as fun as it is its kind of tricky.prediction:0
reviewText:i chose this rating cause this video game is very fun to play for the playstation. the product came on time.prediction:0
reviewText:this game is boring and all you do is build very boring buildings with no detail...you take 3 hours to build a city that is not even detail enough to see people or cars or anything going on!...prediction:0
reviewText:I bought this and the key didn't work.  It was a gift, and the recipient wasn't able to solve the problem.  It might have been a good game, but I never found out because the key failed.prediction:0
