reviewText:1st shipment received a book instead of the game.2nd shipment got a FAKE one. Game arrived with a wrong key inside on sealed box. I got in contact with codemasters and send them pictures of the DVD and the content. They said nothing they can do its a fake DVD.Returned it good bye.!prediction:4
reviewText:This really is a step up from Dirt 2. Better graphics, cars seem a little more responsive. Overall it was worth almost the money, but of course, I wait till the games are "old hat" and buy them cheaper.The really bad thing is having to buy tracks and cars. Nope, I'm never going to do that and I think it is a crappy deal, but that's life. If I had known about the lack of tracks and cars, I would have passed. There's no real reason to finish the game, as it's just more of the same without paying a bunch of money to get all the "extras", that should have been in the game to begin with.prediction:4
reviewText:lot of people don't like RALLY because they already tried gran turismo game. to tell you the truth gran turismo RALLY physic is just boring boring boring. gran turismo only good for racing simulation but RALLY part is suck!!!!  dirt 2 amazed me how much fun it was and now dirt 3 with 3 time more race tracks than dirt 2.  MUST BUY!!!!!!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Anyone who has ever played a flight sim can tell this is not like A10-warthog just by reading the info on the game.This is an arcade type game with some sim stuff add to make it sell more and be kind of fun and fast to play.Sometimes we all just want to blow the (blank) out of things and unwind.This is fairly well made and the graphics are ok for what it is(a game).If you want a real flight sim this is not it.If you just want to get online and have some fun with others for a while this is it.The target aircraft can do hard right and left turns that would take the wings of any aircraft and thats not right but this is a game and not a sim.This was made sometime ago and graphics have come along way but it is ok for it's time.You will not have any issues installing this or running this game on most systems with a gtx460 or better.You can max out all setting with one evga gtx560ti 2gb video card.The install dose take some time to get done and it will update for you when you run the sim the first time.This all takes 30min or so counting the install of the game.It is what it is and thats a game not a flight sim but it is fun to play a few hours now and then.I have a solid system and have had no issues running this at all.If you are looking for a real flight sim that has ture reallistic flight of the aircraft and working cockpits, this is not for you.Try A10-warthog or wings over europe or wings over vietnam or IL-2.These are flight sims and run well on any solid sysetm with xp or windows 7 running.prediction:4
reviewText:I love this simulator it is a lot of fun controlling ships and boats. I only wish the color was better, because all the water is usually grey. But, other than that you will have a great time if you love ships.prediction:4
reviewText:I play Brawl and Melee all the time with my siblings and friends, and sitting squished together 3 feet from the tv was a pain. So I got these cables because it was cheep and could solve most of our problems with this, even if it did not look like they would last long from some of the reviews. but when i got these they worked great and did not seem cheap at all. I expected there to be lag with the controls, but there wasn't. They have survived a month of intense fighting and are still in top-notch condition. These are great if you need room or do not like sitting 3 feet from the screen.prediction:4
reviewText:They work fine but i feel like they have a little lag to the controls when i use it on my controller. And out of the two, one is already ripping. They get the job done but i dont think they will last very long.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought 4 of these, 1 of which was shipped to me with defects, and 2 more became defective within about 2 weeks of normal use. I would not recommend these to any one, but couldn't give a 1 star as1 of 4 cords still works fineprediction:4
reviewText:For people who still have a GameCube, but don't have a wireless controller (don't bother, you'll be disappointed because none of them come with the damn adapter,) these cords are fantastic. I can take my controller all over the house with them if I please, and they don't cause lag or short out to any degree I can tell. They're not shoddily-made and have lasted well so far. I'd buy them again.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought 2 sets of this product (so 4 cables total). I was not disappointed. They all work perfectly and they accomplished what I bought them for. I have 2 big screen TV's and the 2 rooms I use for these have couches that sit back a lot further than the standard gamecube controller cord would reach. Hook 1 of these extensions up to each controller and problem solved. I also like the length because I still had room to go back farther but this allowed each cord to rest on the ground so there is less of a tripping hazard for those people that never fail to walk in front of everyone and don't pay attention to the cords. They even work for Bongos so that is a nice feature to be able to move the bongos back as well for those games.prediction:4
reviewText:Basically, Breath of Fire 4 stole a lot of ideas from it's predecessor, this one. It's kinda like a degraded Breath of Fire 4 actually, but still truly brilliant, and well worth buying.prediction:4
reviewText:After defeating Xenogears, I was looking for a game that was fun to play, and didn't require me to do much thinking. Xenogears was a monster game that had a fantastic, yet confusing plot that really made you think. Breath of Fire 3 is a complete change of pace. Instead of going for an engrossing and confusing plot like FF7 and Xenogears, Breath of Fire 3 continues a simple, but fun plot that feels refreshing to play after finishing a monster game like Xenogears.Breath of Fire 3 doesn't have an overly confusing story. Once long ago, there was a clan on earth known as the dragon clan. After gaining enough power to destroy the world, the dragon clan suddenly disappeared. You play as Ryu, a young boy who suffers from amnesia. He soon befriends two thieves named Rei and Teepo. After he gets into trouble with the authorities, he soon finds out he is an ancestor of the dragon clan. So he embarks on a journey to uncover his mysterious past.Sound original? Sorry, but if it's originality that you want, you won't find it here. Even the battle system is painfully unoriginal. As you play it, it will feel like you have played something else exactly like it. The story, the battle system, everything feels like it was used many times before, and i hate to say this, but the ending is very disappointing.However, with all gripes aside, Breath of Fire 3 is a fun and engaging quest. My favorite part of the game was the characters; they are interesting, and very funny. I also liked that the plot never once got confusing. Even though it was unoriginal, it never got off target and it even sometimes kept you on the edge of your seat.With all the complaints aside, Breath of Fire 3 is fun game to play through. After playing through a monster game like Xenogears, it is refreshing to play. Unfortunately, don't get too excited about the ending.prediction:4
reviewText:Breath of Fire III is one of those games that can induce a trance of nostalgia upon thought.  I can say this about few games because most are powered by processors that reflect obsession with graphics and innovation.  Innovation is necessary, and appreciated, but games like BOF3 need never disappear.  It caters to the old-time gamer in all RPG veterens, delivering a simplistic save the world storyline and involving gameplay.  And what gameplay!  It's simplicity and charm will, hopefully, impress those who give it a chance because it is very deserving of credit.  Last, I must mention the fishing system.  It's incredibly addictive, simple, and enjoyable.  Nothing else could more easily describe it.  Throw in about another hundred fish and a wider variety of rods and bait, and you'd have a full game that I would have to own!  It's that good.  For everyone: whether an RPG-newbie or a hardcore veteren, you should give this game a chance.  Fun doesn't begin to describe it.prediction:4
reviewText:Many may disregard the Breath of Fire series as just another RPG but Capcom has done a beutiful Job with this title.  They pulled out a lot on this case.  Beutiful 2D graphics that only Capcom can do, good music, simple controls make this an excellent purchase.  Chances are you may find this at a good price somewhere so I say go for it.prediction:4
reviewText:Forgotten amidst the blood of Mortal Kombat and 3-D presentations of Virtua Fighter and Tekken, the Street Fighter II series initiated the fighting game craze.  Whereas its successors won their fanbases with graphical geegaws, Street Fighter II's strength was superb, well-balanced, uncomplicated gameplay that was simple to learn but exhausting to master.  Street Fighter Collection accurately reproduces that gameplay, making for an excellent anthology, but not a flawless one.Firstly, the omission of the first three iterations of Street Fighter II is glaring.  Given the lack of complexity of those games, one has to wonder if Capcom's developers were too lazy (or their marketers too greedy) to finish those titles for this release, instead leaving them for Street Fighter Collection II.  Graphically the games are preserved admirably, although CD audio forces the game to start each track over when speeding the tempo up, unlike in the arcade games.  The long load times are excruciating, as is each title requiring its own Memory Card block, when the high scores for both titles could easily fit into a single block.The inclusion of Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold is nice, but seems out of place in what is supposedly a historical collection.  Perhaps the developers felt they rushed the original Street Fighter Alpha 2 to market, and tried to save face by placing the more polished Gold version in this compilation.  And since this third title requires its own Memory Card block, Street Fighter Collection actually requires three blocks in all, not one as is advertised on the packaging.Still, all three games have withstood the test of time, and are worth purchasing for gameplay if not historical value.  But the aforementioned drawbacks of the Street Fighter II games and dubious packaging do detract from the compilation as a whole.prediction:4
reviewText:Mega Man Legends is a great new series for mega man.  The story takes him to an island searching for energy crystals on his dig adventures.  Game play is fun and easy to learn.  The game has plenty of secret goodies for you too discovery adding hours of replay value.  easy and fun to play but not easy enough that you'll only spend oh...one week or so one it.  Loads of fun a most have for hardcore mega man and new mega man fans of all ages!!!prediction:4
reviewText:When a system is incapable of doing justice to a game, one would think a company would be smart enough to not release the game on that system. But for reasons that are probably based entirely around making money, Capcom has released a completely butchered version of its arcade fighter, X-Men vs. Street Fighter, on the PlayStation. The only thing added to the game is super cancels, which allow you to string multiple super combos together. Super cancels were lifted out of Street Fighter EX without much forethought, so some characters' cancels work better than others. In fact, the entire game seems to have been designed without much forethought. Even if this were a perfect translation of the arcade game, the simple fact remains that X-Men vs. Street Fighter is a terrible, unbalanced, pound-on-buttons-at-random-and-win-anyway fighting game.One of the few things the arcade version (and the Saturn version, which was an arcade-perfect translation) had going for it was the graphics. They weren't spectacular, but the characters were large, colorful, and used a lot of frames of animation. The PlayStation, a fairly weak machine when it comes to 2D, simply can't handle that much data. So Capcom chopped out tons of frames (Juggernaut does a whole lot of standing still, and his attacks are about two frames). The graphics look very washed out, and there is a completely unacceptable amount of slowdown. Ken's Shinryuken super combo had most of the frames chopped out, and it still slows the game down to a crawl. The slowdown and missing frames are so bad and so noticeable that they have a detrimental effect on the already bad gameplay.The arcade version's big selling point was that you picked two characters and could tag-team between the two at any time during the fight. Your teammate would also come out and help in a two-level team attack, as well as in Alpha counter-style attacks. Since duplicating this on the PlayStation would require keeping four entire sets of animations in memory, the tag feature has been completely removed. You still pick a second character (cruelly taunting players expecting the full functionality of the arcade version), but he only makes his presence felt during the team attacks and counters. To make up for the shortened play time, the one-round battles of the arcade have been extended to the standard two-out-of-three format. Characters also slowly regain life, much like your backup character would in the arcade.This game just shouldn't exist. At some point in the development cycle, someone should have stepped in, seen that the PlayStation simply couldn't do justice to the original game, and pulled the plug. It took an additional 4MB of RAM to get the Saturn, which already has more RAM than the PlayStation, to run a perfect version of the game. I like the Street Fighter series as much as the next guy, but this is taking it way too far.prediction:4
reviewText:The Playstation version of Riven is definantly not as good as the PC version, but it still adds up to be a great experience. Solid gameplay, crips graphics, and top-notch sound. But still falls short in some areas. Disc changing can get very tedious. That's one reason why I recommend the DVD version for the pc. But it's no doubt this game will suck you in and keep you sucked for a long time. Get ready to experience a whole new world.prediction:4
reviewText:Most Teekns fans carer started with Tekken 3.  And if you were an aracde aholic, it started with 2.  Had this been the easrly 90's this gamewould have got 5 stars hands down.  But over the years, this game is aged.  Tekken 1, was not an arcade blokc buster, and really came to age on ome systems.  Most fans of later tekkens will notice that this game was left for improvements.  Thee characters, while perfect stunnning and apporpiate for the early 90's, are blocky and of little detail.  although it was light years beyond Virtua Fighter 1.  And the fact that this was one ofthe first 3-dgames without chessy ringouts,and a highly detail, and cue combo system.  Most fans of later tekken will notice the cheese factor of the gameplay.  You could basically, pumble the computer, or an human oppeonent with little ease on the ground.  Which was improved in later Tekkens.  And the 8 characters, which again was appropiate for the times.  The story of this game, goes back to early Tekken.  Heatchi(sp?) was the final Boss.And was pretty hard due tothe fact you could be killed with only 3 moves.  I dont remember if Devil Kaazu(sp?) was a secret boss. But he was selectable,only through a very hard unlock process.  Anyway, I know that the later Tekkens blowthis game way, but his is a classic.  Introdcuing oyung versions, of Tekken legends.  Law, Paul, and Kaazu(sp?).  This is a personal favorite of mines.  But the reason for the low rating is the fact that the gameplay was cheesy.  Which, again was greatly imporoved upon in later tekkens.prediction:4
reviewText:Ever since I was young, I have been in love with the Tekken series. Brings back a lot of good memories. I bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun. Though the graphics aren't as top notch at games these days are, but it's still an entertaining game to play. If you collect either Tekken stuff or video games, this is a must own.prediction:4
reviewText:Ever since I was young, I have been in love with the Tekken series. Brings back a lot of good memories. I bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun. Though the graphics aren't as top notch at games these days are, but it's still an entertaining game to play. If you collect either Tekken stuff or video games, this is a must own. This sequal is too good to miss out on. Buy it before it's gone for good.prediction:4
reviewText:For the &quot;Ace combat&quot; initiated, this game is a lot better that the original &quot;Ace Combat&quot; for it's graphics and play, although I have to say how much I enjoyed &quot;Ace Combat&quot; too, in the beginning. Not only have the grapics been improved but the game now includes a scannar that actually tellls you which way the enemy planes are pointing - a must for the correct deployment of missiles. Missions are plentiful and, in addition to the possibility to select a wingman (or, indeed wing&quot;woman&quot; as sexual equality aware NAMCO has included) you can even direct him or her to take on a certain part of the mission, or do the mission without support, as you wish. There are the usual night missions and canyon-runs, and plenty of planes to choose from. Game action is very smooth too. The planes available in the more advanced stages of the missions are great. An enjoyable game!prediction:4
reviewText:If I could have give 6 stars for this game, I would have.  I played this originally when it first came out in 1996.  Back then, games such as Resident Evil and Tomb Raider were ground-breaking milestones in entertainment known as video games.  I won't talk about Resident Evil here because everyone knows about that.Tomb Raider was the first game to give players control of a character in a true 3D environment.  Sure, you had games like Doom and Wolfenstien, but they played only on a single plane with your character spinning on an axis.  Tomb Raider allowed you to control Lara, the feminine version of Indiana Jones, an use the environments such as cliffs, roofs, etc. to progress through the levels.  Level design in Tomb Raider is really what the game is centered around.  Beautiful, stunning, breath-taking, eerie, surreal, all describe the level design here.  Nothing short of ingenious.The game mechanics and control of Lara were never the best, but they were also adequate to get the job done.  Lara spins on a fixed axis when the player turns left and right, and forward makes her run in the direction she is facing.  Turning can sometimes be a chore, especially when the action is turned up a notch.  Luckily, the circle button makes Lara do a somersault tumble, for a quick &quot;about-face&quot;.  The shimmying and climbing from ledge to ledge and jumping has always been amazing.  Combine that with sliding down angular rock formations and time jumps and grabs to ledges, and you are bound to fall in love with the action that Eidos developed (NOTE: This kind of mechanics shined most for me in this game as opposed to all the predecessors, including Angel of Darkness for PS2.  This kind of action became less and less as the series went on, save for Last Revelation, maybe).  The swimming sequences and puzzles are also a really wonderful treat as well.There are plenty of surprises in this game that I don't want to give away, however, I will tell you that some of the levels in the game will stick in your memory for a long, long time after.  For example, &quot;The God Room&quot; of St. Francis' Folly has got to be one of the best and most memorable and beautiful levels of any game that I've played.So why am I writing this review now, 7 years after the release date?  For a few reasons.  First, being that I can't get the game out of my head for more than a few months.  Every six months I go back to it.  The second reason, is that when I bought a PS2, I knew I would be playing the original Tomb Raider again and wanted that backward capability.  And THIRD and quite possibly the most important (and the reason I titled this review &quot;Dear Eidos&quot;) is that Angel of Darkness was the single reason that I sold my PS2 for an X-Box.  At first I enjoyed AOD, but the game has rampant problems.  I've always welcomed a new Tomb Raider game in my life and gave AOD more than one chance.  I loved all the other PS1 Tomb Raider games, including III, which got a lot of harsh and unwarranted criticisms in my mind, but whatever.  I hated AOD and want Eidos to know that.  And FOURTH reason is that I repurchased the new and compact PSOne last week.  I still own my Tomb Raider from back in the day.  Last night I played it and the magic was back like from the first time I played it.  Sure the graphics feel older, but they are by no means bad at all considering that I play games like Halo, Crimson Skies, Prince of Persia, and Rainbow Six 3 on the X-Box.  There will always be a large place in my geeky video-gaming heart for this true classic.EIDOS: TAKE THE POWER BACK!prediction:4
reviewText:I absolutely love Tomb Raider. It is definitely my favorite game of all time. It has everything you need to make a wonderfully fun game. There is action and adventure, thriller, problem solving, and an entertaining story line. I love the challenge of the problem solving. It isn't a game you can finish in a couple hours, but take a long time to get through all of the different puzzles. You definitely get your moneys worth with play time on this game. It will always keep you thinking. I couldn't ask for a better game.prediction:4
reviewText:Snowboarding games are a dime a dozen these days, so it's nice when a good one comes along. Although it's rare to see a snowboarding game play out like Mario Kart, it makes for a really fun game. You play as one of 6 grade school children, collect items and weapons, knock off enemies with these items and weapons, do tricks, and get money while trying to win the race. Even though the childish characters may intimidate many who see this game, this still is a great game. The game looks pretty nice for N64 standards, the controls are tight, the sounds are good and the music is very catchy. This game also uses great ideas, such as saving money to upgrade your snowboard or playing on really wacky (but really enjoyable) courses. In fact, some of the courses have no snow on them! But that's the fun of this game: getting to snowboard down unimaginable terrain, while at the same time, hitting your opponents with pie-pans, bombs, rocks and other items. It releases some kind of childhood glee deep in your brain that I just can't explain. But it's not all fun and games though. There are some problems. First, is the game's image. Many are really going to be turned off by the childish nature of this game, though I liked it so much, I didn't care. The biggest problem is that you need a Conroller Pak to save your data. The real gripes here is that there is no battery backed memory option along with the Controller Pak use and since the game requires 121 of the 123 pages in the Controller Pak, you'll need to spend more money getting more Controller Paks if you have other games that require it also (Mystical Ninja starring Goemon, Rugrats In Paris) or games where you want to save data for safe keeping (Wave Race 64, Perfect Dark). But even with these issues, the game is still really fun and worth playing. If you like it and still want more, try its sequel, Snowboard Kids 2. But try the original first to see if you like the style of play. I'll bet dollars to donuts that you'll enjoy it, though. Great Job, Atlus.prediction:4
reviewText:If you like Mario Kart 64, then you will absolutely love this game! Its sort of a rendition of Mario Kart 64, but instead of riding karts, your riding snowboards. Now in my biased opinion, I love snowboarding games, and this one was a classic among my friends and me.I recently played it again and noticed several pros and cons that made it such a good game. It had hilarious sound effects, great controls, a few varieties of boards to chose from, and solid looking graphics. It is also fun to get power ups and shoot down your friends to get in the lead. What's really cool about this game is the chair lift at the end of the run. To get back to the top of the mountain you have to go up a chairlift, but the chaos that happens to be the first person to ride the chairlift is hilarious. The only thing that turns people off from the game is that there are only four riders to choose from, and they're all little kids. In other games like Mario Kart, there is more characters to chose from, but the character choices are only a minor con. It also has an incredibly babyish look towards it that can be a slight turn off for older kids.  But once you can "read past its cover" the game can be so much fun to play with friends and family. It is almost nothing like the immature style the game gives off.Overall, I rate this game a solid 4.5 out of 5 because it is fun and exciting, and in my opinion, better than Mario Kart 64.prediction:4
reviewText:This was the first C&amp;C game I ever purchased. I got this game when I wasn't playing much else apart from EVERQUEST, upon a friends recommendation. I wasn't to familiar with the C&amp;C franchise of RTS games from Westwood. Now I am a fan of the series.If you don't know, TIBERIAN SUN is a RTS about two military forces at odds with one another. The evil NOD, that wants to rule the world, while the honorable GDI wants to protect the world. The single player missions are on two discs. One is GDI and the other disc is the NOD single player missions. Both are quite fun and it helps you to learn the gameplay. I can't say I liked the full-motion-video sequences, but they are quite funny in an unintentional way!The online multiplayer is where the real fun of TIBERIAN SUN is at! There just is no way to describe winning a long 2 hour match online and not getting booted off!This is a good value for the money. It may not be as great as AGE OF EMPIRES or STARCRAFT, but TIBERIAN SUN is fun nonetheless. Enjoy!prediction:4
reviewText:This is this is the first strategy game I have ever liked that I played, so maybe I'm partial to it ... but I love it!  I don't understand why some  people are so crushed when their &quot;favorite&quot; game series puts out  a bad game.  It's not that big of a deal.  For all you Red Alert buffs, Red  Alert 2 will be out soon so chill out for a minute.  There are a ton of  different strategies to play this game with so it becomes extremely  addictive.  Once you get the basics down ... the sky is pretty much the  limit on strategies you can use so this adds replay value to the game.  It  will definitely keep you busy until the next installment by Westwood.  The  online play is great and easy to use.  I haven't even played the single  player game because I just can't get enough of the online play.  So unlike  the other people who are saying they hate it (but they probably still play  it often), I like it an awful lot.prediction:4
reviewText:FF 7 has always been my favorite game in the whole world, in fact, it is my whole world.  I play it everyday, but I was always sad, because I had to leave the playstation to go on the internet to read about and discuss FF 7.  But not anymore!  Now, FF 7 is out on the PC, and you have to buy it at any cost, so that you can laugh and cry and live the greatest experience of all time, the experience that is Final Fantasy 7, on your computer!  Just thinking about it is making me tear up a little.  I promise, you will not be disappointed.  The stunning, gut-wrenching visuals, the passionate, heart-wrenching storyline, the exciting, ball-wrenching combat system, the absolutely awe-inspiring characters...nothing could be more perfect.  You have not lived if you have not played this game.prediction:4
reviewText:This RPG is a blast to play!  The graphics and battle system will blow you away when you first play it!  There's even a tutorial, so you can get in the game quicker!  As for the storyline, excellent!  The storyline goes all over the place, but that's what fun about it!  The game itself is also long and entertaining.  It took me 73 hours to finish, side-quests and all.  You even get an amusement park filled with games and wonderful items to help you on your quest.  Get this game!!!  It will get you hoooked on hours to come!!!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is fantastic, and you wont be able to put it down for a long long time.  I have over 120+ hours played on my game save.  Final Fantasy VII Platinum Edition features a revamped old soundtrack...that I find 2x better than the PSone version's soundtrack.  Although it takes a while to adjust to the numpad controls, after playing for a while, you'll wonder how you would have done it any other way.  The on-screen controls are bizarre and during scenes such as the timed puzzle in the rocket ship, you'll have a hard time typing in key combos.  Materia allows you to use different magics on different characters, allowing for different characters to use Summons, Magic, and Cure.  My tip: dont give up solely because of the controls---this game is FANTASTIC and although I found the console experience more enthralling and easier to jump into, the PC version was much more cinematic and was totally worth it.  FF7 is by far the best game I have ever played, and you do not want to miss out on this adventure.  My only tip: dont save over the same file, especially before you enter the Northern Crater--you wont be able to exit it if you do.Replayability: ***** (Tons of extra caves, quests, missions, mini-games to find, extra materia, weapons, limit-breaks, and bosses to fight well after the game is over.)Gameplay: ***** (Amazing boss fights, you will be on the edge of your seat during battles, incredibly fun)Story: ***** (The plot twists, the depth in the story, the emotions...its AMAZING)Graphics: ***** (You can view on a big resolution, better textures and stuff.  More crisp than the PSone version)Controls: **** (Takes a while to get used to, you wont want to try another control setup once you do)Sound: ***** (Sound effects are recycled from the PSone game, BUT, the music was totally redone, and that is one of the biggest parts of this game)Addictiveness: ***** (I stopped playing my other games for almost 4 months when I got into this game)The best part of this game is that it is so easy to pick up and play.  The Ruby and Emerald Weapons provide you with more challenge than the last boss of the game.  Raising chocobos and minigames at the Golden Saucer couldnt be more fun, and this remains the only game besides World of Warcraft that I havent uninstalled from my computer.  Final Fantasy VII is a keeper, and dont be discouraged by the prices on Amazon, by the time you're done with the game, you will believe it to be the best $50 you have spent on a game.  I would know, because I said the same thing.prediction:4
reviewText:This Final Fantasy 7 is one of the most influenced games of all time. The fan bases for this one game blows out all FF fan base out of the water. Never has any other FF game seen such an influenced with multiple related games/story characters found in different games. Multiple Movies. Toys, cards, etc based on this game.  Why was that all necessary for this one game?It's just that DAMN AWESOME! This game has everything! Story, characters, battle system, music, humor and more! If it didn't why else did this game influenced so many other things that followed it after? Because it was just damn awesome!You can play this game over and over before getting tried of it, but you will keep it in your hearts forever. The amazing game play, the amazing characters, and amazing graphics. (Back in those days.)They just can't make anything that even comes close to what they did back then. I wish they did, but they can't! It was just too well done! lolprediction:4
reviewText:I'll preface this by saying yes I have played through FFVII on the playstation when it first came out. I've probably played through it at least a dozen times as I just enjoy the story, how it unfolds, the characters you meet and the events that transpire that intertwines their stories together.Prior to this game, I was mostly into sports/FPS type games. An RPG (heck I didn't even know what that meant at the time) game was not even remotely on my list of games that were coming out that I wanted. A friend of mine where I was working at showed me a gamer mag that had a full rundown of this game. Indeed it seemed very impressive and the more he talked about it, the more I got interested in it.Then came release day. I still wasn't sold on it but after leaving work I figured... what the hell. Drove 45 minutes north to the nearest mall where a buddy mine worked at EBGames. Soon as I entered he was like "Did you preorder this!!". I told him no and that I wasn't really interested in RPG's as they always sound boring and I'd lose interest quick and waste my money. He showed me a quick demo and I admit, it got me thinking as to "I wonder what happens after this...". I finally said sure. He hooked me up with the strategy guide, free tshirt and the 3 disc game... 3 DISCS!! When I cracked open the case and saw 3 discs... I knew this would be an epic, legendary tale. I just didn't know how epic.I won't go much into the characters as they have been around a long time and most know who/what they are. But the story... wow. I could not have been more hooked. At first it started off a little slow, mostly to get you introduced to the characters and get some backstory going. After the 2nd mako reactor explosion and you get knocked into slums and fall through the church and meet Aeris... it all changes. The direction, tone and emotion starts running higher. Battles get more intense. You really get the feel that something big, much bigger than even all these characters is building up. It all seems to point to Shinra, but even as you infiltrate it, something is even more disturbing. JENOVA. Soon as I saw that short cutscene with Cloud peeking inside its stasis chamber.. my jaw dropped. I wanted to know what it is, where it came from, what they are using it for etc etc etc. But thats what set this game apart. The more answers you get, the more questions were raised than before.The world is huge, lots of explorable areas with side quests and storylines. I spent alot of time raising the Chocobos and racing them to get the Gold Choco so I can access the caves that contained important and powerful items and materia.Materia System: One of the best magic systems I have encountered to date. While you won't use all the materia you buy/find. Its the reward of seeing that glowing green/blue/red/yellow/purple stone that makes you fight to get it and see what it is. Summons are excellent with great animation for the time it was made. Knights of the Round was very long to summon, but the damage and wait is well worth it.Characters: Some of the most diverse ever seen and very deep with different backgrounds. I think the first time I really got a sense of how immense this story was getting was when I first went into Shinra Mansion with all the creepy creatures you fight and head into the basement where all the Shinra research was stored regarding JENOVA, Sephiroth and the experiments. The characters sucked you in with their drive and emotion to the situations. Making you want to keep going and see whats around the next corner.In conclusion, for us long-timers here this game never gets old. For the newcomers, get ready to experience something extraordinary. To quote the back of the Playstation case.. "What erupts goes beyond imagintion".prediction:4
reviewText:Grim Fandango will definitally be enjoyed by fans of film noir and mexican mythology. I'd give it a 4 and a half if i could. The graphics have their flaws and the game runs choppy on systems not far ahead of the system requirements. Some of the puzzles are utterly impossible to figure out without incredible luck or the aid of a stradegy guide but the game is truly astonishing. You follow the character Manny Calavera, a travel agent for the dead, guiding souls to their final resting place in the best way possible. For some reason, Manny is denied any premium clients. Whos behind all this? Find out over a 4 year journey from the dusty streets of El Marrow, to the edge of the world and back again. Absolutely beautiful backgrounds and film noir-ish music immerse you in the atmosphere. Clever interface and variable controls are great. A very involving game. Not too long not too short. Humor and wit are weaved through every scene. In conclusion, film noir style, surreal visuals, toe tapping and ensuing music, gripping story, charming characters, and challenging puzzles will intrigue all game fans.prediction:4
reviewText:This was truly one of the best games I have played in a long time. It has challenging puzzles that may at times seem impossible but the solution is often right before your eyes. Based upon the Mexican Day of the Dead it  gives the player a little bit of background while keeping them entertained.  Great game, lots of P.I. cliches, mentally stimulating, and just plain FUN!prediction:4
reviewText:I was very dubious when I started playing Grim Fandango.  An adventure game with polygons?  And the SCUMM menu interface system that was in every single past Lucasarts adventure game was gone?  But I gave it a try.  Thank  goodness I did.Grim Fandango is a story about Manny Calavera, a travel  agent for the souls of the dead.  He sells packages to the departed for  their four year journey to their just rewards, and if he sells enough he  can earn enough to make his own trip someday.Imagine the theme of  Casablanca with some mexican folklore and Mayan art thrown in for fun.  Add  big orange demons, hot rods, killer beavers, cat races, and the grim reaper  and you have Grim Fandango.The story is supurb and the voice acting was  top notch.  It's very difficult to do a dramatic yet humorous story, but  somehow this game pulls it off.  Grim Fandango could yank me to the brink  of tears one moment and cause me to almost bust a gut another.The things  that make a good adventure game are all there.  Logical puzzles that don't  cause your gameplay to come to a standstill until you solve them, good  acting, good animation, and good code!  If I were ever forced to reccomend  only on adventure game to someone, this would be it.prediction:4
reviewText:I still remember when I first bought this game in the 90's and I still playthe game from time to time for both entertainment and nostalgia.  As with most of the pc games in the 90's there was no type commands but just the point and click with the mouse usually but still the humor and video cut scenes in the game were more than enough to keep you playing until the end.  The short story-plot was your character was a civil servant for the spiritual plane where the recently departed had to stop before making their final passage to eternal rest.  Your character for whatever reason had to work off a certain amount of time to clear his debt before going to the place of eternal rest as well.  The job was you worked to see how well the person who just died was in life meaning the more compassionate, and humane they were in life the faster to paradise they would get to meaning the usual ways to get to paradise depending on the person was bus, boat, car, and if very high on the morality meter the number nine train which would only take nine minutes for the person to get to paradise.  Of course there was more to the game and that is why it made it very entertaining to play.  The video graphics are of the 90's era so again if your used to playing recent pc games you might feel the graphics are sub par but don't let that dissuade you from this game.  The voice actors they got to do the characters were incredible both in their acting for their characters and their ability to bring the humor and excitement into the game itself.  I know while some think this doesn't have the fighting or the action of recent pc games but I still feel that it's one of the few classics that many people will still find very enjoyable to play both for themselves and children without worrying about to much violence of the game.prediction:4
reviewText:I don't go for adventure games, personally.  Ninety percent of the time, I prefer shooters.  But this one...man, it's so weird, so unique, and so GENIUS through and through, how can you not love it?Here's the story.  Manny Calavera is a low-level salesman trying to earn an honest commission and make a decent day's pay, but it never seems to work out for him.  His boss is constantly on his back, he's routinely snaked by a competitor, Domino Hurley, and the right sales never come his way.  It's a lousy life to have.Especially if you're already dead.That's the twist; Manny, and just about everyone else in the game, is dead.  This whole game takes place in the Land of the Dead of Mexican/Aztec folklore, with a strong Art Deco influence, with heavy doses of '30s crime noir thrown in.  Everyone in the game is fashioned to look like the sugar skeletons used in Day of the Dead festivals (called 'calaveras'; get it?).Manny works in the Department of Death, trying to work off his time for his misdeeds when he was alive.  He does that by trying to sell 'travel packages' to the recently deceased, so they can make their four-year journey across the Land of the Dead, until they reach the portal leading to the Land of Eternal Rest.  The quality of life this person lived determines whether they get to use a car, a luxury liner, or the exclusive No. 9 train, which speeds its passengers there in four minutes, instead of the customary four years.Unfortunately, the kind of lowlifes who keep coming Manny's way only deserve walking sticks at best, which does absolutely nothing to help Manny work off his time.  So, he decides to take matters into his own hands and STEAL the right kind of client.And that's when he gets in over his head.The story is pure crime noir with a technicolor twist, like Raymond Chandler meets Tim Burton.  The plot Manny uncovers is convoluted, brilliant, deeply twisted, and diabolical like you've never imagined possible.  It's also incredibly, unspeakably funny.  Tim Schaefer is one absurd individual, make no mistake.Yes, it's an old game, I know.  But the true classics know no age, and this is a classic all right.  So take advantage of the price, snap it up, and book a trip with your new favorite travel agent.  He's waiting for you...prediction:4
reviewText:Even though this game is almost 15 years old and uses a modified Quake engine, it is still one of the most FUN and best shooters ever to be made. In fact all other first person shooters and games in general can learn from Half Life 1. The game world is extremely immersive. There are no level ends, there is no text to read, there are no scores and everyone talks to you without freezing you into a cut scene. All of this makes you feel less like you are a player playing a game, but you are indeed the hero Gordon Freeman. Characters recognize you, talk to you, and you can have them come with you or stay put. Security guards that come with you will shoot enemies (slowly).The story is that you are silent protagonist Gordon Freeman (you'll feel like him by the end) and you work for Black Mesa, your standard super secret facility. Something goes horribly wrong and uh. The formula is very simple, but they execute it so well that other games have copied it and failed (Doom 3). Needless to say you need to fight your way out through the facility, on the desert (being chased by a helicopter), and everything else would just be a spoiler. There are no levels, no loading screens. Loading is seamless and happens during downtime.Half Life 1 has simple controls and an optional tutorial level. There are buttons for jumping, crouching (sneaking), using your flashlight (that needs to be off to charge it), shooting, secondary shooting (for machine guns) and "using" things. The game is always in run mode and character speed seems to be fast. Too fast sometimes, but there is that sneak button that will slow you down.But how is the first person shooting? There is a wide variety of guns and each has a certain joy and usefulness to them. Even the simple pistol is useful for lesser enemies 8 hours into the game. There is a shotgun, a machine gun with grenade launcher, grenades, explosives you detonate, wall sensors with explosives, a harpoon, a laser guided rocket launcher that once it launches you point your cursor and it will turn accordingly, lasers, homing missiles, head crabs and more. An amazing array that you continue to get even up to the final levels areas. To swap weapons you push 6 number keys and press some keys twice to access some weapons like the shotgun / machine gun / harpoon.You start with a crowbar good for breaking grates, and destroying boxes. Destroying boxes is how you will find most items and ammo. Instead of just finding things scattered on the floor, on shelves or on a desk you need to bash open boxes to find the good stuff. You can also push or pull the boxes too which is nice for puzzle solving and platforming.The enemies are just as diverse and each one requires you to think and act differently. Since I don't know the name of any enemy I'll fumble through this. The start enemies are lesser creatures that will start on the floor and jump at you. 2 shots from a pistol take them out. There are zombie-ish aliens that take a shotgun or two, but they are easy enough to avoid. Aliens that teleport in and beam electricity at you will cause you to hide, pudgy little alien crawler / hoppers will make you shoot from a distance because they will send out a small shockwave. Standard soldiers that will shoot machine guns, throw grenades and coordinate attacks against you like flanking. Ceiling huggers that are yucky red globs on the ceiling with long rope like tongues that when they catch you, you'll be pulled up and eaten... if you don't shoot them. Giant aliens with homing missiles too. There is a wide variety of enemies and bosses. I can't list them all.The game also shines with its tricks and traps and will throw a puzzle or challenge at you to keep you thinking. But in this game it doesn't feel like a puzzle or a challenge. It seems natural. There can be a hidden turret where the fun is making your choice how to take it out... Grenade, explosive, shooting it and getting shot in the process, running by it or just not hitting the trip wire to start it in general. Wall sensor explosives, push and pull box puzzles, pushing buttons, hopping hanging boxes over a pit, conveyer belts, using a sky cannon to destroy walls, using turrets, on rails vehicles that you have a lot of control over, water puzzles, high jump pads and so on. There is a lot of variety and it's never the same thing twice.To sum it up, this is a diverse and VERY FUN game. It has a sense of humor to it and you'll feel like you are Gordon Freeman through the game's well crafted immersion. Puzzles, shooting and challenges all melded together into one fantastic game and I can't say that too often.prediction:4
reviewText:I was never a big fan of the first-person shooter (FPS) genre, but after giving Half-Life a try (thanks to all of the glimmering reviews), I am absolutely hooked. From the opening tram sequence, you're mesmerized by  Gordon Freeman's plight and the falling Black Mesa world surrounding him.  It's a game that keeps you in a trance from midnight to the first crack of  sunlight (apologies to my wife!). After dishing out punishment to those  Marines, be sure to frag some people in the outstanding multiplayer modes.  The fun gets even better, and the taste of death is even sweeter when you  blow apart that guy with 196 kills. Half-Life is truly a work of art.  Opposing Forces, here I come.prediction:4
reviewText:Great game. Old now of course, but still fun to play. Good gameplay and pretty good graphics, not the best but good. Fun shooter. The Half-Life series is really successful and this is the game that started it. You dont have to have a great computer to play this game and thats the plus of it. I never beat this game, but got close to it, I just got stuck lol. If you are new to the Half-Life series, then this is the game to get. Check it out!prediction:4
reviewText:This has to be the most detailed and beautifully rendered game ever made.  The monsters look real, the weapons look sleek, and the animation is very realistic, with no jerkiness.  Unfortunately, this game requires totally  unreal system requirements!  Anything less than a PentiumII/300MHz  processor runs like garbage unless everything is turned down, and, well,  there goes the graphics!  This game was the chief reason for my system  being upgraded!  Also, remember the sleek weapons I described?  Well,  they're sleek, but that's it.  For crying out loud, it takes THREE HITS  with a ROCKET LAUNCHER to kill one of the BASIC enemies (the Skaarj).  There's no bang to them at all!  Plus, another good thing about Unreal is  the multiplayer games where you can play against computer-controlled  opponents (bots).  Sounds good, right?  Wrong.  Unless you put the skill  level down nearly all the way, simply aiming a gun at the bot will cause it  to zig-zag in a way that is impossible to hit, all while shooting at you  with godlike aim!  Other than the steep system requirements, the  difficulty of the bots, and the bangless weapons, the game is very good and  highly customizable for all those hackers and map makers out there.  You'll  get your money's worth, but I hope you're good at strafing while shooting,  otherwise you'll NEVER win!prediction:4
reviewText:I was feeling nostalgic last week so I started playing Unreal again.  Probably for my third time through at this point!  While Unreal doesn't have as much replay value as a game like Half Life it certainly does have its moments!  Unreal was one of those really impressive FPS games for it's time.  It boasted great graphics and intense game play.  Of course by 2008's standards these graphics merely look silly!  But if you were picking this up in '98 like I was, you were pretty impressed.I figure I'll throw in some points about playing this on a more current system, since I experienced some issues here and there.  Being a game made for Windows 98 it doesn't translate perfectly over to an XP 32 bit system.  I have no idea what this would do on Vista's 64 bit architecture.  Basically when re-installing it I got a strange error with the option to "ignore".  You can definitely get away with doing that and then it will install fine.  Strangely every time you reinsert the disc to play some more you have to cancel out of the install process and that "ignore" message comes up as well.  I'm not sure if this is just my system, but I recommend saving quite frequently, at least every time you hit a "load" screen.  For some reason the game will randomly crash after a little while and it exits out completely for you.  This can be frustrating if you've been playing for a while, because it doesn't auto save between load screens.  Otherwise it played very smoothly on the newer system.  You can also get the Unreal Anthology which has been updated to handle Windows XP.  Oh and this was on a Pentium 4, 3.0 ghz system.That being said, I'll move onto the actual review for anyone thinking about delving into this great game for their first time.  The first thing you notice is that you have almost no health.  You begin to discover why as you start wandering around a crashed space ship and it appears you were some kind of prisoner.  Naturally the first things you need to do are finding some health and then find some way out of the ship.  The ship is kind of a boring part of the level, but it leads you a bit into the story line because you clearly crash landed on an alien planet.  When you finally get out of the ship the first thing you'll notice is how amazing and stunning the world is that has been created for you.  Outside it's very bright and vibrant in spots.  This felt a little different compared to games like Quake, Half Life, Doom, because a lot of those games are very dark and have a major dungeon crawl atmosphere to them.  Unreal has a lot of that usual stuff as well, but it also has a lot of time spent outside where you get to see amazing scenery.  One thing the developers did right was making you feel like the in game world was huge!  This was really impressive and fun when you first got into it.As you explore and interact with the world you learn more about what's going on with this planet called Na Pali.  Apparently the native people are called the Nali and they've been enslaved by an alien race called the Skaarj.  The Nali are extreme pacifists and I can't help but think their designers wanted them to be Buddhists for the most part.  The Skaarj on the other hand are the main enemy of the game, though not the only enemy creatures you'll face.  They are a warrior race that pretty much takes over wherever it sees fit.  You'll notice that the Skaarj design is clearly influenced by Predator.  They have a humanoid lizard design and have a mouth design that looks just like that of a Predator.  To brandish even MORE similarities they also have energy weapons and steel double claws attached to their arms.  As you can see this isn't very original.  Another part that is kind of unoriginal/strange is the Nali castles that you come across.  They are clearly living in what we would term a medieval level society versus the Skaarj who have high grade technology.  Strangely you come across large castles that look like they're straight out of thirteenth century England.  I know... strange for a race of pacifists.  Despite all this, those parts are some of the most fun to play through.  I loved going into the castles and running around!Another aspect that made Unreal very special, when compared to other FPS games, was the sheer amount of atmosphere that is injected into this game.  It truly does feel like you're on an alien world.  The sounds, the textures, were all there perfectly bringing you into this world, almost so much that you didn't want to leave!  You even hear echoes off of cliffs if you're walking through a cavern, it's like they tried to get as many little details in order to immerse the user.  For it's time the Unreal graphics engine was also very impressive and really took things up a notch in the gaming world.  They also programmed enemies to react more realistically to the user when confronted.  So when I'm fighting against the Skaarj enemies they will actually make an effort to jump out of the way of my shots.  This was really cool to see and I really only found that in games like Half Life.The maps you have to navigate through are pretty massive at times.  I really felt like a lot of the level design was also influenced by the great game Marathon.  A lot of times in order to open a door you have to search out a series of levers, or whatever, in order to proceed onto the next section.  This game literally has hours of game play and probably took me in the vicinity of 20 to 30 hours to complete, so you really get your moneys worth.  The downfall to having such large maps is it's kind of easy to get lost sometimes if you're trying to complete certain tasks.  Another detriment to the game was the lighting.  I put this game on maximum brightness levels in order to help me see where I was going.  Sometimes that wasn't even bright enough.  There are sections of this game that are absolutely dark, especially towards the end of the game.  While this creates a very scary atmosphere, I felt it hindered the game play once in a while.  The reason this hurts game play is because the flashlight function is incredibly annoying to deal with.  You have to pick up flashlights or flares in order to see in the pitch black areas.  Now to make it more realistic the flashlights eventually run out of batteries or something, but this was poorly incorporated because they only last a few minutes.  Seriously, the flashlights in real life would NOT die so quickly and then it's up to you to go find another one.  The only reason this hurts the game is because if you no longer have light, you can't enjoy the environment nearly as much.Aside from a couple flaws this is a pretty awesome game and I had a lot of fun playing it.  In '98 this came out around the same time as Half Life and they were both the must play FPS games that year.  Half Life ultimately won the game of the year slot mainly because of story line.  Unfortunately Unreal's story line is pretty poor in the greater scheme of things.  The user doesn't really feel a greater purpose to their mission and instead you are merely trying to complete levels and puzzles.  Whereas Half Life created a vastly well written world where you were trying to get out of a facility and stop an experiment gone out of control.  Unreal just couldn't compete with something of that caliber and it's not nearly as engrossing on that level.  Beautiful world and really fun to play overall, but not the best of the year.Overall Rating: 4.5 out of 5prediction:4
reviewText:When the day I got unreal and tried it, I loved it so much I started calling up friends and telling them how incredible thatgame was, the gameplay is one of best gameplay ever experiencedin a game, you are a prisoner in a prisoner vessel headingto a prison moon believed to be called(the prison ship):VortexRikers. But when the skaarj detect you and pull you on to the once peaceful planet of NaPali, then all goes wrong!your best friend gets eaten by a skaarj, you barely manage to escape a now turned to a skaarj slaughter prison vessel, you reach outside grounds and say this can't be real, no it's not, it's UNREAL!Unreal takes you through 39 heart beating, breath taking missions, where you fight for life to survive, collecting itemslike defenses and weapons, travel through temples, facilitys, castles, bases, mountians, journey through what napali has to offer, and end up and the skaarj mothers ship, confronting the queen skaarj.......unaided and alone!I would indenefinetley recommend this game to first person sci-fi fan shooters!prediction:4
reviewText:We stopped watching the series (lack of time) and so this was a nice way  to keep the excitement going. The game is good, perhaps a little  disorienting at first. I spent the first hour sitting at Craig Willmore's  desk, doing nothing :)Once you get the hang of it, though, it follows  quite nicely. Because you have so much freedom in navigation (you decide  where to go, but things won't happen until you come back to the right place  at the right time), it feels like the game is non-linear. In fact, it is  rather linear, although you have a few variations. I wasn't disappointed in  the ending, but not thrilled either, it didn't blow me away. We got stuck a  couple of times, but we managed to make it without a walkthrough in about a  week.The rule of this game is SAVE OFTEN. And organize your saves. Keep  the last save before you change CDs (they correspond roughly to major  developments). You might need to restart from there because you forgot to  do something crucial. Or because you died (I got killed a lot too). You  need lots of frequent saves, and a few less recent, and a few even less  recent not to have to restart from scratch if you believe you forgot  something at the beginning of the game. But overall, the storyline is quite  intuitive and you'll be fine if you make connections.Buy this game if  you like the series but you're not a fanatic (you'd be disappointed). And  you'll have a good time if you can stand occasionally being stuck and turn  it into a challenge rather than into a frustration.prediction:4
reviewText:I used to love this game; but now it's dated and now that I look back on it, it's not as fun now, either way, here's my review.Graphics: 8.5/10. This is a more realistic snowboarding game, so there are very realistic colors; unlike snowboarding kids or anything with very bright colors. 1080 features very realistic physics and is very sophisticated. Anyways, the graphics I remember loving mainly because of the powdery snow. I liked to edge in deep snow just because it was it was so fluffy. For that, this game got what it got in this category.Sound: 9/10. Whether you go through a foot of snow or right accross jagged ice, there's a different noise. There is a different sound for everything, which is strange because really for the most part in many games on the N64 there is the same or a very similar song for everything in the game.Control: 8/10. Very, very realistic and solid, but It's frustrating for that reason. it is really realistic so you really have to land FLAT to get land, which can be frustrating for little kids. There is also damage; so if you get beat up a lot you will not win the race.Fun: 8.5/10. Nice and realistic, great events, and different difficulties for every age and cool characters make this a must play for any  owner of an N64.9/10prediction:4
reviewText:This game definitly fits the thought I had of a snowboarding game when I set out to buy one. The graphics are moderately realstic, the control is ok, and the sound is mediocre. I think they could of done a lot better job designing a game like this, but this edition suffices.It is one of the only snowboarding games on the N64, which was one of the reasons i bought it. Another reason is the outstanding multiplayer coordination. I bought this as soon as I played it at a friend's house. You unfortunatley play with only 2 players at a time, but it is still fun to play your friend head to head.  There are 6 courses, and under single player you can also do half pipe and air make. There are 5 characters that you can use to race, and more of which you can unlock. since there are only 60 head to head course combinations, there are other things you can do, like trick or time attacks.This can take a bit to get used to, as it can be boring for the single player. If you have a will and a friend however, this game will surely be worth it.prediction:4
reviewText:Once you get the hang of the controls, this game is awesome... it's challenging and entertaining, and everyone should have one.This game has amazing graphics-- you can even see the snow spray off the board when you make the slightest turn. Plus, the camera controls are flawless. The sound track is pretty good, too- you can hear the snowboard scraping and the snowboarders sometimes talk, and the techo tracks that accompany the races are pretty cool too.My only complaint is that there aren't enough courses. After I unlocked the 6 courses and beat the &quot;Black Diamond&quot; level, there wasn't much else to do. But even after you've unlocked all the courses, it's still fun to play against your friends in the 2 Person VS mode, or doing tricks in the half pipe.I think that anyone who has a N64 should add this game to their collection, without a doubt... it's a solid game, and you won't regret it.prediction:4
reviewText:9 out of 10 people will probably see this, and pass it up as another cheap RPG, for one thing you only have 1 dungeon (gasp) when you leve you level back down to 1 (GAsp), and you capture monster just like in Pokemon (GASP).  No it's not a compelation of rip off's, this is a classic that is highly addicting, and incredibly fun, if given a chance.The story revolves around a young lad (you name) who on his fifteenth birthday is given the opportunity to become a hunter and explore the depths of the Monster Tower to retrieve riches, however to do so he must not only survive, but grow as a trainer and as a man.  In comes the Kewe, the monster you will likely use for a majority of the game.  He is a fire type (there are only three types) and he is your brief tutorial, and key to success early on.... YOu also must build up your respect to the townsfolk, to do this you must enlarge certain places (Temple, Hospital) and build new things (Library, Gym, Casino, Race Track, Bowling Alley ect..) and the town will grow to respect you.Now as for the tower it'self, there are 40 floors, everytime you leave you go back down to level 1.  No it's not immpossible for two reasons.A) Your monsters level stays the same when you leave, this is due to the fact that they are more like equipment.B) Weapons and armors stay the same, when a red or blue sand is used your weapons and armor grow more powerful, so technically you can easily dominate the first few levels without you monsters assistance.Overall this game is tricky, you will die the first few times (lose all your items except monsters)  but once they are strong enough you can succeed.  There are 40 randomly changeing floors and they get more and more difficult as you go along.  YOu must adjust your mosnters accordingly by class.A)FireB)WindC)WaterFire beats Wind, Water beats Fire, Wind Beats Water.I would buy this for the challenge it possess, guarennteed addiction.prediction:4
reviewText:I've had this game since way back when it was released; I just never got the chance to write a review.The Story: Banjo's sister, Tooty, was "the most beautiful girl around" and Grunty the witch wanted her beauty, so she pulled an Amber Alert and took her to her lair. Banjo's lazy bum the whole time was sleeping. It's up to you to get jiggy's and notes and what-not to stop Grunty and get Banjo's sister back.Graphics: 9.5/10. Awesomely different and creative worlds. From a sewer, to a pirate ship on an island, to a desert and into an icy snowland, there are tons of different and unique worlds to play through. The graphics are stellar for the N64, with bright colors and cool characters with good animations. This is one of the best N64 games as far as graphics go next to games like Donkey Kong 64 and Legend Of Zelda: Majora's Mask.Sound: 9/10. There aren't really any voices in this game; just kind of sound effects that are different for each character. Blubber on Treasure Grove Cove sounds like he's burping or throwing up, Kazooie sounds like a gagging bird, Banjo sounds like a big old hick of a bear... and so on. The music in this game, though, is some of the catchiest and the best music i've heard in really any adventure game. The music doesn't really get old, and whoever created it is brilliant. Overall, the sound is really, really good.Control: 8.5/10. Being an adventure game, there are a lot of different controls for a lot of different moves. And since the N64 controller is the way it is ( pretty annoying ) it's easy to get confused even after playing for hours on end, just because you go brain dead. The controls are a bit strange at first to do some of the attacks, but you will get used to them anyways.Fun: 9/10. A great game from beginning to end. Get the jiggys, move on. Get the notes, move on. That simple? No. This game is challenging and is for all ages, even if it does have a kiddy approach. The game lasts maybe 40 hours or so depending on how fast you get through the game. Great characters, great level design, and fantastic music makes this a must buy. This is one of the best games on the N64, and I.M.O., the best adventure game. Pick this game up now; it is better than its sequel and the Game Boy Advanced ones, even if all three are fantastic. Buy this game!!9.3/10prediction:4
reviewText:Rare just has an extraordinary knack at making great games. Banjo Kazooie was released in 1998 and has been considered a classic since, and I too must agree with this well deserved honor. Well, why do I find this game fantastic? Well, I'll explain that in my review.First off let's talk about Banjo Kazooie's story. Banjo's sister Tooty is kidnapped by the wicked witch Gruntilda. Gruntilda has planned on swapping Tooty's beauty to her, but not if Banjo and his friend Kazooie can help it! Okay, seriously this story is pretty lame, but hey! It's a game. In My opinion, no matter how good the graphics are, or how great the story is, it all boils down to one thing. And that's gameplay. And Banjo Kazooie has fantastic gameplay.In Banjo Kazooie you play as Banjo and...well...Kazooie, and Kazooie stays inside Banjo's backpack at all times, but she's not useless. They both work as a team and learn many moves, which brings us to our next character, Bottles. Bottles the mole helps you learn different moves to help you defeat Gruntilda and rescue Tooty. But do you just walk up to Gruntilda and save Tooty? Not at all, there are several items to collect to defeat Gruntilda. The most important one is jiggies, there are ten jiggies in each world and you need several items to collect them. Along the way Bottles teaches you to use certain items, such as eggs to shoot through Kazooie's mouth, or how to fly when you collect enough feathers. Another essential item to collect is mumbo tokens. Gruntilda has hidden mumbo tokens all around her enormous lair and if you collect enough you can visit the great shaman Mumbo Jumbo and he will transform you into different creatures to help you along your journey. So you have plenty to do in this game, I can guarantee that. Another essential item are music notes, in each world one hundred music notes are scattered all around and if you collect enough you can open new doors in Gruntilda's massive lair. But I do find it to become quite tedious sometimes. Why? You may ask. Because each time you leave and re-enter a world all the notes are still there, no matter how many you've collected. Let's say you've collected ninety-nine out of the hundred possible music notes to collect, well if you leave the world and re-enter, you would have to collect all ninety nine notes again, you couldn't go searching for the one music note you hadn't collected. And while yet this situation is highly unlikely, it's still annoying no matter how many notes you have to re-collect. Fortunately, if you don't care about collecting all one hundred music notes, you don't have to because the game automatically saves the amount you've collected.There aren't too many moves to learn in Banjo Kazooie, and it didn't take me long to master them. And there aren't many control problems, actually the controls are almost perfect. But I did get frustrated with a feature that was not added in the game, I wish Banjo could hang on to ledges, there was many times in Clanker's Cavern where I could almost reach a ledge,  but it was just barely out of reach because I couldn't hang on to the ledge. While yet this wasn't too big of a deal, I think that feature could of made the game a little less frustrating. I was also very pleased with camera control, there are three angles to choose from except in a few rare areas and I found it easy to maneuver.I told you this game was made in 1998, right? Well the graphics are terrific. The different atmospheres to this game make it twice more enjoyable. You can relax in broad daylight in Treasure Trove Cove, or wonder at dark in Mad Monster Mansion. And I thought the last world Click Clock Wood was absolutely brilliant, it's a forest and you collect jiggies in the four season's spring, summer, fall and winter. I especially loved Freezeezy Peak, and it was so much fun climbing the huge snowman.I also loved the music in this game, each beat is catchy and it never got repetitive for me, and the sound effects were great as well...well the only complaint I could have is that there is no dialogue in the game, but I actually found the weird sounds from the characters kind of funny and I loved the insults between Kazooie and Bottles and Gruntilda's rhymes cracked me up, that's another reason I love this game, it has such a charm to it, not like some newer games, to many games have steered away from being innocent and charming, and this game has this quality.What more can I say? This game is fun to play, it has great replay value, the music, sounds and the worlds all sound and look absolutely fantastic and the difficult final fight with Gruntilda at the end was indeed terrific as well. It took me thirty hours to complete (without a guide) and I had so much fun solving puzzles and this game can test your mind at certain times. I will admit I did need help online for a few jiggies, but the ending sequence makes the occasional frustrations all worthwhile, very satisfying if you ask me. I'm now very anxious to play Banjo Tooie, as it's been claimed to be even better than the original. Banjo Kazooie is highly recommended, this game is indeed a classic.prediction:4
reviewText:Goldeneye 007, Killer Instint, The Donkey Kong Country series, Conker, Diddy Kong Racing....those were the good ol' days when Rare was still relevant.  Before they sold their souls to Microsoft and lost all credibility.  And in my opinion, the peak of Rare was with the Banjo games (kazooie & tooie) on Nintendo 64.  Kazooie, to me, defines the N64 3-D platformer.  While many will say Mario 64, which is a near perfect game.  I think the Nostalgia sometimes forgets how much BETTER Banjo Kazooie was.  Back in '98 rare was on a roll.  This game was yet another grandslam.  A brand new franchise, cut from scratch.  And it's absolutely amazing.  I won't go into all the details and story as my fellow reviewers have already made clear.  All I can add is this game is easily one of the best games of the late 90's.  It was a game I picked up and loved immediately.  My only question is WHAT the **** happened to rare?!!  They were so amazing with Nintendo, then dropped bomb after bomb for the X-Box consoles.  I'm not a Nintendo fanboy, so don't even go there.  But Rare took a big dookie all over this series with the newer games on Microsoft consoles.  The 1998 game will always be the best.  And I hope someday the brothers who originally ran Rare will comeback to bring the infamous "Banjo Threeie" to life on any console!!prediction:4
reviewText:Banjo Kazooie is a game I've played many times since I got it in the early 2000s and while its fun, its not the most entertaining game I've played. There's two main objectives in Banjo Kazooie: hunting and gathering. You hunt for these jigsaw pieces called Jiggys to help you complete jigsaw puzzles to open worlds. You gather all sorts of items within each level like musical notes, Jinjos, Mumbo tokens, feathers, etc. This concept gets boring after awhile but nevertheless the game is pretty fun as a whole. I'd recommend the sequel, Banjo Tooie, instead as its 10 times more entertaining.prediction:4
reviewText:I've never really had enough of an attention span to play "collect the item" games, but this particular one is really great. It has enough action and puzzle involved to hold the attention of even a gamer like me (with, honestly and unfortunately, a terribly short attention span) for hours at a time, with enough elements of finding things you'll need later to keep you playing and replaying each level. A truly great game, and I wish more of the sort were made these days. I feel way too young to be saying this, but they just don't make them like this anymore!On a side note, the cartridge I received has some... Interesting connections. I'd guess the previous owner loved and played it as much as I do haha.prediction:4
reviewText:Banjo-Kazooie is an action adventure game in the style of Super Mario 64. However, it is similar, yet also quite different. Rather than having most of the skills you need at the beginning of the game, you learn a few in the very beginning, and then learn the remaining skills throughout the first six worlds (there are nine, but they are much larger than the fifteen in Mario 64). Notes are like coins, and jiggies are like stars. However, rather than six stars in each world, there are 10 jiggies to find in each world, and 10 in the witch's castle (much like the castle secret stars). Also, you can transform in five of the nine massive levels with the help of the crazy witch doctor Mumbo-Jumbo. Generally, it will help you get at least 1 Jiggy in the world, and they can do things that Banjo and Kazooie can't on their own. Throughout the game, you get to transform into a termite (level 1), an alligator (level 4), a walrus (level 5), a pumpkin (level 7), and a bee (level 9).The nine massive worlds are each very different from eachother. But how fun are they? Well, they're all very fun to play in, mainly because the tunes in each world really match the mood, from eerie funeral dirges to peppy shipyard music, this game has that and then some. Overall, I highly recommend it. If you read my previous review of the game Banjo-Tooie, you'd see why I enjoyed the sound effects so much. Once more, I highly recommend this game.prediction:4
reviewText:Let me tell you all about this great game. I wouldn't want to give the story away, but let me tell you: The original two are no match for this great game! This game has 30 new colorful and nice levels, and 2 hidden ones. Almost all of them have nice and pretty graphics. There are more features too. For one thing, there is the Time Trial mode, in which you go through the levels in a certain amount of time, and you will get relics. You can play as Coco, riding her adorable tiger Pura, a jetski, a blimp, and a couple more. Crash himself can do some more things, like a Super Belly Flop, a Double Jump, a Triple Spin, use Speed Shoes and use a Fruit Bazooka for long range attacks. Also, he can ride an airplane, a motorcycle, a baby T-Rex and more. Also, even dying is humorous. Now for the game's one flaw: It is hard to be challenged. However, there are 3 types of relics. If you get all of the Sapphire Relics, you can get a really good ending. If you get all the Gold Relics, you get 105%. But the Platinum Relics require a master to collect. So, if you like all that's said, and even if you didn't, you will definitely love it.prediction:4
reviewText:I have fond memories of this game, and still get together to play it with friends.Before GoldenEye, first person shooters were primarily PC affairs, played with a keyboard and mouse, and multiplayer required either internet or network capabilities, which, at the time, I didn't have. GoldenEye changed this. Just like Mario Kart, you could get four players hooked in. Except instead of bumping Bowser off a race track, you were running around and laying down the heat as Bond, or one of his allies/antagonists. There are plenty of modes, arenas, and weapons to choose from, ranging from deathmatch to 'flag tag'. And once in a while you have to play with "slappers only."In addition to the Multiplayer aspects, it has an excellent Single-Player mode. It's mission objective based (meaning that failure is entirely possible), and as difficulty increases, so do the number of objectives and conditions you have to fulfill.The music is also notable. Sure it's entirely synhtesized/MIDI, but in those days, that was the state of the art. The music fits the scenes pretty well, mostly being varied riffs on the classic John Barry Bond theme, some being a little different.The game contains a nice variety of weapons and plenty of secrets to unlock ( by speedrunning levels while fulfilling all objectives).Whether you've never played this classic or you're looking back on the 'good old days', you should play it. Thisis Rare's N64 Masterwork ( Perfect Dark is pretty sweet, too).prediction:4
reviewText:I LOVE THIS GAME. It is so funny and a bit hard to beat. The hardest level is in the temple where a shuttle is launching and you have to collect data, kill Jaws, get launch tape and launch the shuttle. My favorite level is the Facility Level. That level is so funny and you can shoot the scientists, but it will fail the mission if they were killed. My cousin and I love to blow up the enemies and scientists. My favorite is shooting the scientists and enemies in their butts and they would jump up and down rubbing their butts and then they will fight back and the scientists will threw grenades at you. The controls are easy and this game is better and funnier than the movie. BUY THIS GAME.prediction:4
reviewText:I got this game when it first came out which was a couple years ago, but I'm just now writing the review, strange isn't it?  This game is what makes having an N64 so great!  The graphics are just sweet.  The story pretty much follows the movie, and alters a little things to make it more enjoyable for us gamers.  This game is very easy to control.  That's one of the best things about it. The controls are placed if logical places, and it's better than the Turok controls.  The best part of this game is the multiplayer.  It's what made the game so famous.  Killing your friends has never been this much fun.  I'll never get tired of one of my friends walking in a hallway, unsuspecting that a proximity mine is waiting there to take his digital life.  The best multiplayer level has got to be the facility.  But I'll let you, the buyer, decide for yourself.  Another game I recommend, and that's probebly better is Perfect Dark.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best shoot em up on the N64. I was very impressed with the game play, the graphics, the action, the multi player fun, everything.... the only downfall about the game is I wanted more, more, more. The cheats are great when you unlock them and the best thing is you dont need a memory card, everything saves on the cartridge. RARE actualy managed to compress a game that was too big for the N64 into this game somehow, and it suprises me that it does not even use the N64 Expansion pack to do that!!! This game is not just hoursand hours of fun, but days, weeks, years . i still play this cool game even today!prediction:4
reviewText:Lord,It has been too darn long since I last played this master piece.The single player mode is too much fun. But, the 99% of the credit goes to the multi game mode.Great selection of weapons, nice variety of levels, Huge list of characters to choose from (from the original bond movies), fun options while playing (Bobble head characters, paint ball shooting marks).I am telling you the game was the center of attention with friends. Large gatherings, challenges, playing till the break of dawn. I will give the game credit from keeping us off the streets =) .I don't know if I can find this game, but boy if you can! Find three friends and Play it without mercy.All the best,Nawafprediction:4
reviewText:The multiplayer is amazing but most reviews already cover that. I still have yet to beat the last level "Cradle" and the 2 bonus missions on the hardest difficulty after 12 years, and yet I am addicted to trying over and over. I finished the Campaign twice on the 1st 2 difficulties. Each difficulty higher, the more parts of the level you explore, and the more crazy scenarios you will experience, places and scenarios that you did not experience in the easier difficulties.. Many missions you can go about using stealth or guns blazing. It is always fun trying to beat facility or Bunker #1 with just a silenced pp7 without alerting anyone. Nothing is more satisfying than shooting 2 gaurds to death with a silenced ppk before they can hit the alarm. In some levels if you are feeling arrogant, you can hit the alarm yourself and take on hundreds of enemies and go rambo. There is so much about this game I could go on for days about how amazing this game is. No modern AAA FPS has surpassed Goldeneye on N64 campaign to this day. The remakes have been complete crap, despite the amazing COD engine. If you own a N64 and love perfect dark or other great FPS adventures you will love this.prediction:4
reviewText:This game was okay - it could've been better.  I like the story, it's way different than it is in the movie - it's more fun.  But like I said before, Perfect Dark 64 is the new Bond.  The main story is fun and so is the multiplayer combat.  There's a crap load of Bond characters to unlock and levels too.  But I'm not a Bond fan, in fact, I hate Bond!  But this game is fun.prediction:4
reviewText:Goldeneye set the standards for every FPS that has followed. It is the best of the best. The levels are action packed and extremely memorable. I can do the levels in my head I've played them so many times. The graphics are dull now, but back in the day these visuals were top notch. The music involves some of the best techno I've ever heard. The game is also surprisingly difficult. I took me ten years to beat all the difficulty levels. The multiplayer is ahead of it's time with four player large arena style deathmatches. This game should be missed by no one, pick up a copy today and first hand see the best.Presentation- This game captures what it is to be James Bond. There are a great deal of weapons, cool menus, and music that still rocks to this day. All around a great feeling game the blood rolling down the screen after you die is epic. 5/5Story- The game follows the story of Goldeneye pretty closely, and there are two bonus levels that follow other Bond movies. Including one of the hardest levels of all time the Aztec based on the movie Moonraker. 5/5Graphics- This game looked amazing for it's day, now it may be unimpressing but remember what the world of N64 looked liked. 5/5/Game play- This is the part that could be helped by a remake. The N64 controller only has one joystick. This is awkward sometimes, but the use of the c-pad to strafe helps. Nintendo please remake this amazing gem. 4.5/5Sound- Some of the best music in a video game ever made. Catchy music that I even have on my Ipod to this day. 5/5Lasting Appeal- I still play this game regularly when the current generation games anger me. I can play levels in my head, need I say more. This game will never be forgotten or equaled. 5/5Rating 4.9/5prediction:4
reviewText:Graphics: 9/10 - Eye-catching, bold and pretty, Mario Kart 64's graphics are fulfilling and nice to look at.Sound: 8/10 - Lots of bells, whistles, engines and da-da's in this game. They are just small sound, but bring out some sort of livelihood.Value: 8/10 - Even though I don't have a Nintendo 64, if I did, I would probably buy this game because it is lots of fun to play. It can also be very strategic at times, which is good for a racing car game.Overall: 8/10 - Nothing too memorable, but it's delightfully entertaining to play when you are actually using the controls. Mario Kart 64 gives you things to do and stuff to work out. It's the first game I played on Nintendo 64 and as far as I'm concerned, it's well worth the time.prediction:4
reviewText:After checking GameSpot's (author's note: this was originally posted exclusively on GameSpot.com) and a few user reviews, I absolutely had to throw my two cents in. I couldn't help but laugh when I read the introduction of "Even with all its bells and whistles, Mario Kart 64 is very likely to disappoint you after about a week."When I picked up this game initially, my thoughts were "SWEET! A new Super Mario Kart!" I, unfortunately, never had an SNES of my own, so my fixes came in the form of time at my friend's house.This game is absolutely spectacular in every way. Yes, I do feel that it could benefit from maybe a higher difficulty level and there is also the fact that it's possible to clinch a Gold medal in a circuit (4 races) after finishing in the top spot in each of the first three races. However, other than these minor spots, I find it to be flawless. Everything from the graphics to the sound to the features are great. There is also a great amount of multiplayer available in this, with not only the up to four player split-screen, but the track ghosts as well. Track ghosts are saved data of your best race (single player only) on a course. The game saves not only your time but your entire race. When you race against your ghost, you can actually compare yourself second-by-second on the tracks and this also helps you to analyze spots and what you did to help you become a better racer.The items are what really make multiplayer fun, though. I've had many a time where I have something such as a ghost (which lets you steal and item and makes you invisible/invincible) while my friend had a lightning bolt (shrinks all opponents) and it's a quick reaction race to see who can get their item deployed first. To me, however, there is nothing more satisfying than hitting your opponent (especially if it's a friend instead of the computer) with a green shell (a shell that fires straight out, as opposed to the red homing shells) as he's about to cross the finish line to win, not just the race, but the circuit as well. And, yes, I actually did that to a friend of mine. Talk about bragging rights.Up to this point, I have kept (or at least tried to keep) retro-rating out of this review and I was considering dropping one of the five rankings to a 9 because I'm stingy with giving out perfect 10's. If I had rated this game when it first came out, it would probably be rated somewhere around 9.7 to 9.9. However, there is one reason, and one reason only, that I still own my N64 -- and that is to play Mario Kart 64 ... a decade later. (Note: I can't even say that about Zelda: OoT or GoldenEye.) That, in itself, I think warrants the move up to the perfect 10 rating. ... I guess this pretty much means that I'll have to give Super Mario Kart a 10 as well. I guess we'll see when I finally get it on Virtual Console. (For those of you who ask "Virtual Console? Why" Read: paragraph 2.)Overall: 10Gameplay: 10Graphics: 10Sound: 10Value: 10Tilt: 10prediction:4
reviewText:Mario Kart on the n64 is an extremly well made game. when one person plays the game for the first time the controls are easy and you don't nead to worry about changing gears. After you get better you can move on to harder levels of play. once you beat the game on 150cc (hardest level) you can race al track in mirror mode (all tracks have opposite turns then their original tracks). the ads more replay value because the game in a sence has new tracks. All the tracks are unique and have varied difficulty levels. they are also well designed.The graphics in mario kart are bright simple and full of color. the music in the game is not very good but it does not mater because of the great sound effects provided by the characters.As with all great n64 games this one accells in the multiplayer department. It will appeal to people of all ages. you can choose from 3 different multiplayer modes battle championship single race. The most fun out of all of those is batlle because you go around getting items then try to hit your friends with any item you get. if you hit your'e oponent they'll lose a balloon they have 3 ballons.This is a party game i would recommend over any mario party game and definitly over didy kong racing. this is a classic n64 game no one shoild be without.prediction:4
reviewText:Mario Kart is definetly the most classical game ever for racing. But maybe even the most classical game Nintendo has ever made.This game has three different levels. One is data which keeps track of your best time for the particular track and you get three mushroom guys who give you a boost up forward but there are no diamonds to get a specialty like a star or something.(I'll explain about the special items later so you know what there for before you might play the game)In options you can see your data records for each track showing the best lap and the top 5 races in time with the particular racer on it(Not names instead they show. Mario, Peach, Bowser, Wario, Yoshi, Dk, Luigi, and my personal favorite which is Toad) ONLY DO FOR ONE PLAYER!Another one of the things you can do in Mario Kart is do Mario Kart G.P where you compete with all the other racers while picking your own. Before you start the screen will show 4 different brackets which have 4 tracks each and you pick the bracket you want. After each race it'll show the score of each racer in points which goes that if you place 5th through 8th you get no points. 4th gets 1, 3rd gets 3, 2nd gets 6, and 1st gets 9. At the end of the of all the races the top three racers will stand on that olympic where it says 1,2,and 3 ranging as 1 the highest and 3 the lowest. After it shows the three racers om each of their spots it will show a trophy to you in bronze silver or gold and then  your player says something like "YEAH". Oh yeah their are diamonds in this mode.Then their is a single game which you only play one game against the computer or against friends at any course you or your friend wants to play at.Finally which you might've been waiting to hear is about the freaking DIAMONDS. While your racing their will be diamonds around and if you go through one it will show a box showing which specialty you've gotten. The long list of specialties are, one red shell which if you throw at someone within a certain distance they will fly up and back down making you get ahead. Also there's a 3 red shell specialty where it shows three red shells going around your car and it does the same thing as 1 red shell would do. The green shells are totally opposite from the red one it comes in threes and ones and when you throw it will just bounce off the sides of the course back and forth going preety slow but preety much the only way you can hit another player with a green shell is if the racer is almost or is right in front of you. But the bowser shell which you dont get often but if you do get it you can throw it from anywhere and it will get the closest player ahead of you but if your in first place the shell is worthless. Also preety much everybody's favorite specialty is the star where you can go really fast to catch up for about 10 seconds and if your it by anything it'll just back off of you and you will stay up because you can do that the game also lets you knock people over if you headed straight at them and bumped them. Sorry if this is boring but if you want to hear about the game and you will buy it you should listen to the rest. You get bananas in 8's and 1's. Bananas you just drop on the ground and racers might crash into them and start slipping on the floor. The last specialty is ghost where nobody can see you and if a specialty hits you, you will just keep one going.My favorite mode is battle where you have to have 2 or more players. In battle their are 4 different modes. During battle you have 3 ballons with diamonds on the ground when you get hit you lose a ballon and when you have lost all three ballons you become a bomb to go get other players.  As a bomb you cant get any specialties but if you bump in to any racers you will be done as a bomb but that racer will lose a ballon. By the way computers can not play in this mode.This should be enough to know how this game is and I hope that you buy this game because you will probably like it.This game is a classic which I've said before.P.S (...)good bye and have a nice day!prediction:4
reviewText:If you like racing games that are unique, this is for you. You can race by yourself, or with a friend. Not only that, but you can also challenge your friends in battle mode with some really fun arenas. If your more of a solo player like me, don't worry, there are four different tournaments that you can play.You can even use different items either to slow down the other racers, or to help you pass them up. Of course every item has it's own effects, there are a few that are hard to get. That's because they're special, learn how to use them, and the competition will be eating your dust.And last, but far from least, there is a special mode you can unlock for an even bigger challenge. Yeah, this game will keep you busy no matter how you play. It's definately a must-have, order it while you can.prediction:4
reviewText:When I first heard of a Mario Kart game comming out for Nintendo 64 I was overjoyed to realize that they would keep up on such an awesome Super  Nintendo game.  To my amazment, the game came to the 64 with nothing but  crisp graphics and pre-rendered characters abound.  However, where there  comes the good side of all this, there is a bad side; some of the  characters in the game, in fact, cheat to win.  Now I'm not sure why this  little feature was allowed, perhaps to make it more challenging or give us  more reason to throw the controller at the wall when Mario suddenly jumps  out in front of you.  However, you can master there cheating ways by  learning how to outwit them at their own game.  Find shortcuts and other  things that can aid you in your race for the finish.  From cheating to  graphics and music I must say that the graphics are quite impressive for  such a game made so early on.  The music is also amazing, with hummable  tunes that will get you in the mood to race, or the mood to hit Wario off  the side of a moutain just to here him scream.  The sure thing to do now is  to buy the game, because it is a classic and always will be.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is blew me away! I didn't expect Ocarina to meet with my standards after playing the previous Zelda games.  They usually go stale and predictable, but Ocarina didn't do that.  It's a game for true fans of the adventure genre!  The dungeons are long and perilous, there are numerous side-quests, a great cast of characters, and a large world to travel!  If you have any doubts about this game, eliminate them.  You won't be dissapointed!prediction:4
reviewText:For all those of you that have followed the lineage of Zelda from its early days on the classic 8-bit system, and onward to its SNES days with &quot;A Link to the Past&quot; (great game), and loved every second of it, then you have to buy this game! For those of you that have never played any other Zelda game, what are you waiting for? Now is a great time to start.Ocarina of Time is amazing. All the elements of classic Zelda are there - dozens of powerful items and weapons, lots of secrets to find, at least 10 new 3D-rendered challenging dungeons, plenty of secrets and side-games, and something that all the other Zelda's never had: a truly great story!If you enjoyed &quot;A Link to the Past&quot; you will most certainly like this game as well. The story of Ocarina of Time involves going back and forth in time, between a happy peaceful Hyrule, and a dark evil one, much like ALTTP; but don't think this is a rip-off on its predecessor. The complex dungeons, challenging bosses, and deepening story lines will blow you away. The 3D element of the game also adds so much more that was never possible before. Even the music is catchy and well orchestrated. (I actually downloaded the mp3 soundtrack online!)The gameplay is a little tough to get used to - afterall, you've never played Zelda in 3D before - so you actually have to consider things sneaking up behind you, and flying overhead! But once you get used to the controls and learn to use the &quot;Z-Targeting&quot; feature (using the trigger button will solve just about any control problem you may encounter), the gameplay gets easier.The only thing that annoyed me was Navi, a little fairy that travels with Link throughout the game. She is always bugging you to give you painfully obvious information. I suppose she is a helpful guide for younger or more inexperienced players, but I found her annoying. But once you come to realize that Navi is an important aspect of the game's control, you will let it slide.I would recommend this game to anyone who owns an N64 console, and even more so if you enjoyed SNES's &quot;A Link to the Past.&quot; I can't wait to play the sequel when it comes out.prediction:4
reviewText:I'm not really a fan of N64.  I've always been more of a Playstation one fanatic, but Zelda is undoubtedly the best game that I have ever played.  If you think that Final Fantasy is good, then Zelda will make all of the installments in final fantasy look like junk.  There's only a couple of games on the nintendo N64 console that of which I liked, and that was Gauntlet Legends, Super Mario, and Donkey Kong.  But this game beats them all by a longshot.Then why did I give this game four stars instead of five?  The reason is because of the...problems listed below.1.  This game is HARD. I don't mean hard as in "Challenging" I'm talkin' about the whole you-possibly-will-never-ever-complete-the-game-without-a-strategy-guide hard.  The type of frustration which can rack your nerves big time.2.  There are a couple of glitches in the game. Example: I dare you to cut a sign with your sword.  Then play Zeldas lullaby with your ocerina of time.  The piece of sign which you had just sliced and diced will float.  That's just one of the glitches.3.  A little confusing, as far as the story goes.  It's better to play the game twice and see if you still understand it.4.  Replay value isn't very high.  Once you complete it, that's it.  It's so hard that I wouldn't ever want to go through the same frustration again, as to the fact that it was very difficult, even if you do know what you're doing.Okay, those were the bads.  Here are the goods.1.  The graphics are outstanding.  Wow.  The whole world of Termina reminds me of middle earth, only a lot less dark and ten times more exotic.2.  Once you beat the game, you feel satisfied with yourself.  Sure, this game is a little short, but it will still take you a long time to beat it, no matter how experienced you are with gaming.3. The plot is good and twists a lot.  I know that I said it was kind of confusing, and it kind of is, but it's still fun and the things that of which I did understood surprised me a lot.It's sort of a mystery.4.  Fluint and absolutely excellent cut and FMW sequences.  It's true.  Like I said above, the graphics are wonderful.  And plus, exploring a small portion of Termina, which you do through out the game, is an experience that you don't wanna miss.5.  The bad guys are challenging, but not so challenging that you'll be ripping your hair out.  Once you beat them, you feel satisfied.6.  Highly addictive gameplay and plus you won't stop until you beat the game.But there's one major, and I mean MAJOR problem with this game.  This game is so addictiive that you might forget about everything else in life.  Remember your family?  You won't when you get this game, since you'l be wanting to play this game even more. A Anyways, get the game.prediction:4
reviewText:What can I possibly say about this game that hasn't been said a million times.Perfection.Groundbreaking.Beautiful.Just some of the words that come to mind when I think of Zelda 64.Zelda was my introduction to RPG's and what an introduction it was.The good.Everything.Graphics, story, pacing, etc...Insanely difficult in parts, I still can't beat the water temple without the walk through.And Ganon in the painting still has to be one of the coolest boss battles of all time.The bad?Nothing.One of the games that not only defined the N64 but a game that set the standard for excellence in RPG's.One of the best...ever.Highest recommendations.prediction:4
reviewText:There isn't much you can say that is bad with this game. For it's time it  had excellent graphics, excellent game play and sound. This game is truly one in a million that I am sure any person can enjoy, BUT, if your a Zelda fan (and have played all if not most games from the beginning) you'll notice some of the things in OOT are recycled. For example, the Kakariko town music is completely recycled from Zelda: A Link to the Past. In fact this game borrows a lot from Zelda: A Link to the Past, though they do manage to change some things in OOT here and there. Still for what it's worth Zelda: OOT is still a pretty darn good game, though I think the story should have been more original.prediction:4
reviewText:Reading magazines from 1996-1998 one thing you couldn't escape was a some kind of mention of Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. It was all over the place. Popping this in my N64 when I took it home I spent literally 2 hours just exploring Kokiri Village just cause it was so fun. But then I realized &quot;oh yeah there's more to this, isn't there?&quot; And that's when the fun started.Graphics: Although you can probably debate this, this has one of the best graphics you'll find on the system. Lot of areas just drop that &quot;wow factor&quot;, like when you first enter Zora's Domain or the game's many cutscenes.Sound: Although there's no voice, except for Navi's annoying &quot;Hey!&quot; and an occasional &quot;Hello&quot; from her or Link's grunts, it's got some awesome music. One thing I love is the short ocarina songs you play, such as Song of Storms, Zelda's Lullaby and Song of Time, plus general area music. Although the overworld music isn't like what it was on Link to the Past, it's still great.Story: The story starts off with Link having a bad dream about a mysterious man and woman. Then Link is summoned to the Great Deku Tree where he fills Link in on his quest and it goes from there. Even though it can be a quite simple story, it's just a huge epic story that kept me interested.Gameplay: The infamous Z-Targeting system that's spawned several developers to use it in their own games. The recent Star Fox Adventures uses this. Your C-Buttons are for your weapons. B is your sword and A is your action button(Talk, Jump, Climb,etc.). You'll know this system by heart cause Navi tells you how many times about it within the first hour. Camera is excellent and the Z targeting helps.Even though you might be able to find this, I suggest you pick it up. Dust off your N64 and dive into what is one of the 90's most critically acclaimed and commercial masterpieces ever.prediction:4
reviewText:Wow... What can I say. As I'm writing this review, the popular  consoles right now are ps2, gamecube, and xbox. I have all of those. Yet no game on any of those systems are better than this. This is probably the best zelda ever(I have yet to buy the one for gamecube). Deciding between this and Majora's mask is a tough call, but I think this one gives a little more gametime.How should I begin to describe this game? It's deep, engrossing, and the graphics are spetacular for a N64. Yes the newer games right now definitely have better graphics than this, but this game beats all of them in terms of gameplay, music, and theme. The story is old, but hey, it's a classic formula. Why change it? What would Zelda be without dungeons? This is one of the few 3rd person games I've played with great controls. The z-targeting system can change a traveling mode Link instantly to a combat alert, and maneuverable Link. The music fits the moods perfectly, from the dark shadow temple to the light and cheery music of the lost woods, it's great. Buy it, it's worth your money, and it's probably the best game ever for N64.prediction:4
reviewText:The legend of Zelda has always been a series that continually delivers amazing games that are at the top of their class.  The legend of Zelda has always been my favorite video game series of all time since I was little and their games continually suck away hours of my life.  This is the game that made me truly love gaming(Before I just did it for fun).  It also set the stage for other great games such as majoras mask, wind waker, and twilight princess.Gameplay:  If you have played any of the other Zelda games, you will know that you play as Link, a young Kokiry boy who must go out on the adventure of a lifetime to defeat the evil Ganondorf and save Princess Zelda.  The controls are flawless.  You just move the analog stick to make Link move, move forward and press A to roll, press B to use your sword, the C buttons are home to you other weapons such as the bow, hookshot, and the like.  This game introduced the revolutionary lock on system where you just pressed Z, and staid locked on to an enemy, which meant no more aimless sword swinging, it realy made the combat more managable, and much more fun,  Like any Zelda game there is a huge overworld to explore.  You have grassy plains, tall volcanic mountains, serene lakes, sandy deserts, difeerent towns and villages, and lots to do.  The overworld is just enourmes, esspecially for an N64 game.  Hyrule feild stretches in all directions.  One of the great things about traveling is part way through the game, you will get a trusty horse named Epona.  Riding around hyrule feild is just realy addicting.  There are many great minigames to do as well, such as the shooting gallery, bombochu bowling, selling mask, and fishing, yes fishing.  There are also special task to do such as collecting ten special poes(Huge ghost that appear in hyrule feild), or collecting 100 Skulltullas(Spiders of a horrible curse).  The meat and Potatoes is of course the dungeons.  Each dungeon is completley uniqe and different than the last one and shows off alot of great elements.  There are many challenging puzzles that reward you when you figure them out.  You raise and lower water, look for paths that are invisible with the lens of trooth, push giant blocks with the silver gauntlets, use the megaton hammer to push blocks, and much much more.  Each dungeon is just very well crafted that it is hard to beleive that it came out in 1998.  There are many feirce enemies in each dungeon that fight to put an end to your quest such as Stalfos, bats, lizolfos, armos, iron knuckles, jellyfish, tektikes, readeds, skulltullas, and so many more.  The boss battles are each intricitley desighned and completely different than thre last in the way they look and fight.  The boss battle with Ganon at the end is one of my all time favorite final battles ever(only rivald by the fight in twilight princess, and Mother brain).  The difficulty is always just right with the challenges and enemys getting toupher as you go on.  Through the game you get alot of fantastic weapons to use, such as a bow, hookshot, megaton hammer, hovor boots, silver gauntlets, boomerangs, and much more.  Each is always put to good use and none of them ever go absolete and are awlays usefull the whole way through  One of the big mechanics is of course the ocarina itself, you play it manually with the button layout being like the holes in the real thing.  You can change day into night, transport across the world map, and open passage ways with you trusty instrument, and much more.  The biggest suprise is after you get the Master sword and travel forard in time seven years.  Time travel is a huge element in this game as some things you do as a child will effect the things you do as an adult, and vice versa.  there are also different things avalible to do in each time and it is a blast to go between two time periods and it realy makes you feel powerfull.  Nore matter which aspect of the gameplay I am talking about, I cannot find fault anywhere, absolutely perfect.Story:  Hyrule was created by din Nyrule, and Farore, they left behinf the triforce which lies in the Sacerd realm.  Many years later, an Evil Man named Ganondorf seeks the triforce and Places a curse on the deku tree, and does other horible things to many races .  The deku tree tells navi, the fairy that she must awaken Link as he has been having a nightmare about the evil man.  Link goes to get a sword and Sheild, and goes to see the great Deku tree who asks him to rid the curse.  Link succeeds but finds out that he is far to late.  Before dying, the Deku tree tells him the legond of the triforce and gives him the spirituall stone of the forest, the Kokirys emerald, and then tells him to go to hyrule castle to meet nPrincess Zelda.  Link goes to hyrule castle, meets princess Zelda Who tells him of the dreams she has been having about Ganondorf and Ask Link to get the other two stones, Link obliges and gets them but finds that it is to late As princess Zelda and Impa flee hyrule catsle, Zelda throws him the Ocarina of time.  Link then comes face to face with Ganondorf and gets a taste of his power.  Zelda then Telapethacally teaches him the song of time.  Link goes to the Temple of Time and Plays it at the alter where the stones are placed and opens the secret chamber where he finds the Master Sword.  Link being the legendary hero, takes the master sword, but finds that he has fallen into Ganondorfs trap.  He is then seald in time for seven years where he is awakened by the sage of light Rareu.  Link discovers that he is now an Adult.  and instructs him to find and awaken the other sages.  This is where the game gets epic, but I wont spoil anymore fore, suffice it to say it is a great story that is very well told and will keep you wanting to find out what happens next.Graphics:  These graphics were truly groundbraking and ahead of their time back in 1998.  The moment you step out into hyrule feild and se the scale and distance you will be mesmerized.  The game shows off some fantastic day and night sequences as well as many different colors.  Hyrule market looks and feels alive, the kakariko village will look like a town with houses and shops.  The desert esspecially is arguablly the best way to show off the N64s power with snadstorms and wind effects.  The Charecter models are great for Lnik, to Zelda, To Ganondorf, to the bosses, to even the NPCs.  The enemys realy look feirce and different.  These graphics truly set the standerd in 1998.Sound:  The sound effects themselves are Spectacular like the flowing water, the clank of a sword hitting a wall or an enemy, the enemy sounds when thay are struck bu the sword or when they are attacking, Lniks yelps, and much more.  The game features a brilliant musicalll score, Koji kondos work is reminiscent of John williams almost, and that is not a comparison I make lightly.  You will hum the beat of the lost woods, love the powerfull melody of the temple of time, be entranced by the song of storms, there is just so many great melodys that I have lost count.  The song of time is truly memorable as well as all of the others.  My only complaint might be the lack of the traditional overworld thing and Navis annoying hey listen screams, but these are all tossed aside once you hear Koji Kondos work at its finest with the lost woods theme and song of time.Replay Value:  I still play this game nonstop.  It truly proves that Amazing agameplay oulives any other aspect of a game.  There is just so much to do and so much to see and so many places to explore that you will never want to drop the conntroller.This game is My favorite game of all time and is a must buy for any N64 owner, or enouph of a reason to get one if you do not have one already.  It is also avalible on the Wii vertuall console and is well worth the download.  This is the game of my Childhood and I cannont stress enoph how much you need to get this game.prediction:4
reviewText:A Good game comes along, entertaining millions of fans worldwide. Then, a year later another good game comes along and steals the fisrt ones place. Ever since the beginning of game history, every good game that came out eventually got replaced by a better game the next year. Since Sept. 98, that cycle has been broken, stopped by one game that never got replaced, even by it's sequals, nothing ever ended out better than Zelda: Ovarina of Time. This game has revolutionized 3D gaming with its Z-Target system. It has enchanted and bewildered people with its magnificant storyline. It has taken the lives of thousands of people because of all the side-quests and collectible items in it. This game, I am predicting, will probably still rain supreme until the next system comes out (The one after gamecube). Its Z-Targeting system makes Link (the main character) look at an enemy, within this looking, he can circle around it in stategic patterns, accurately aim and strike the sword without missing and hitting air a yard away, and eaily and quickly dodge and backflip attacks. Many games, even nowadays, imitate this system, but fail to get it as correct and perfect as Zelda did/does. The storyline starts off telling of a magical forest with many never-growing children in it. All these children have one compainon fairy with them, except one boy, who does not. Right from hearing this setence in the game for the first time, you know your in for an adventurous, complicated yet slightly realistic storyline that will take your life for at least a month. And, this game has many, many side quests to do. There are 100 special spiders to defeat and get treasures with, 50 magic beans to be planted and give a passegeway to unaccesible areas, 25 heart pecies to collect to get a whole lot of health with, 15 masks to sell and play around with, 6 empty bottles to collect, a chicken to rais, and a huge trading sidequest that eventually leads to the possesion of the strongest weapon in the game. And much more. This game also has the perfect sound to it. The cheerfull, happy nature of the magical forest can be perfectly heard in it's background music. The adventurous, wide and far meadows of hyrule feild are perfectly expressed in it's background song. The fast-paced and action-packed lives of the desert theives is clearly expressed in it's song. Everywhere you turn in this game, you are greeted with a new background song that sings perfectly the attributes and unique features of that place, and transations perfectly with whatever the player/link might be doing in that place. This game's sequal, Majoras Mask, suffered horribly from the lack of this. And the prevous games in the series didnt meet this either. One more thing though, I'll admit it to the world, I hate the main Zelda theme. I'm glad its not in Ocarina of Time, In a game that so clearly stands out with it's music, one old sounding, bland song that dosnt fir well with hyrule feild wouv'dv ruined the experience of going out of kokiri forest and seeing it for the first time. Oh, I forot to mention that part too, the game has a perfect attidude for adventure in it. The places are designed very well, and when mixed in with the fabulous background music, gives a feeling of adventure that is completely unparelled to any other game, whatsoever. The first moment you walk out of the small and cramped kokiri forest, which actually used to seem so big, onto the your first grasses of hyrule feild, the sun will blind the screen for a moment, and as rising, reveal this spectacular, wide open feild with a tuft of trees, a monstor here and there, a ranch in the middle, and a clear blue sky with a brightly shining sun. Along the feild, a rise in elevation starts, as you climb the hill, you can see even more than you could before, a magestic, huge catsle, a winding clear blue river, a deep valley, a menancing volcanoe, and a huge lake, along with a tuft of trees, and a monstor here and there. As you travel to new places, you will feel almost the exact same feeling of adventure too, when seeing the towering windmill of Kakariko village above the small, humble houses of the village below it, with the perfect backgrond music for example. With this great feeling of adventure, huge enviroments, much huger than even the ones of nowaday games, and a great storyline and absolutly stunning soundtrack, Ocarina of Time is the Greatest game of all time, until a greater game will come out, wich will probably take a very very long time. If you dont already own this game (Shame on you), you should buy it immediatly, and while waiting for it to ship, download an emulated version. Now. Or else.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a game you could fall in love with. When I first played it (immediatly after it came out) I was so engrossed and enchanted with it that it was like the real world disappeared and there was just me and the game. This never happened with me with a video game before. The scenery is breathtaking and some of the music scores are beautiful, although I think the music in the first forest dungeon as an adult is absolutely creepy! The dungeons are puzzling at times but not too hard, and the bosses are challenging enough you may have to try them several times, but don't worry you can eventually beat them. The game has a built in save feature so you don't need a memory card and you can save anywhere in the game, don't have to wait for any specific save point, that is real nice.You start out as a 10 year old boy and then after 3 levels you travel through time and become an adult. Hyrule has changed and you need to save the land. You go through many levels and bosses to finally get to Gannon, the ultimate evil here. He is an improvement on the previous Gannon of previous Zelda games(looked like a little pig then!) and fighting him is more challenging and engrossing in this new game. There are other little side adventures thoughout the game to entertain you when you want a break from dungeons and monsters. This is a high quality game fun for kids and adults.prediction:4
reviewText:Wassup, fellow gamerz!  Nubs.  Lulz.My parents just bought me "The Legend of Zeldo: Collector's Edition" for my 14th birthday. It features this "Legend of Zeldo: Oracana of Time" game. I enjoyed this game very much...even tho the graphics suck! I will give you some of my thoughts now!My favorite part was when the main character, Link, pulls the Supreme Sword from the stone in the iceberg temple. Oh man! Glammondwarf (the villain) was so cool! He snuck into the Secret Realm behind Link and stole the Trueforce of Strength!!  Pwned!The Prince Zeldo person was really weird.  He/she was a tranny who turned into some guy named Shaieke, who kept stalking Link on his journey. Then he/she would change back into an elf girl in a dress. What a creep!  But Zeldo had the Trueforce of Smartness, so I guess that character was okay. Zeldo had this tall white-haired ninja lady named Inca as a bodyguard. Inca might have been a man too though...I'm not sure.  She looked kinda like my aunt Helga.The Link character was really cool!  Link wears white tights, a green toga, and had a grappling hook device! He also has this little firefly thing called Navely that follows him around! You begin the game playing Link's little kid brother, which kinda sucked.  I can't pwn Goombas with a little midget (Goombas are these big skeleton guys).  I think the kid brother is supposed be Peter Pan, after he killed Captain Hook and left Neverland (maybe they have another game about that part).But later you get to play Link, who is an adult elf with a pointy nose. He has the Trueforce of Braveness, so that means he is very brave. He can throw dynamites into walls to blow them up and reveal secret buried treasures! I wonder if the treasures were hidden by magic pirates?  Later on, Link gets the Bassoon of Time and can play it to make it snow! I think Link is kinda mentally handicapped though because he never talks. He just goes "Ugh! Hiyah! AUGHHHHHH!" and stuff.I think he might be a cannibal (or vampire) too, because he eats hearts to gain health. There is a really annoying beeping sound that reminds you when it's time to feed.You pick up these little colored diamond things called rublees that you can use to buy stuff with. But they look really big, so I wonder how Link can carry so many in his pockets? And if you don't pick the rublees up soon enough, they begin flashing and disappear! I guess they're like...big holograms or something, like in Star Wars.  Why are there so many rublees hidden in the grass and under rocks? I really wish I could mow my parents lawn in real life and find money like that.There are these fish people named Zurros. They have this giant jellyfish named Mr. Jabba Jabba and you have to go into his stomach to retrieve an ugly little talking fish-man! I think it was the Zurro king's pet and he lost it. But you have to carry it all around Mr. Jabba Jabba's stomach, so it's kinda annoying.Then there are these big rock guys called Gordos that like to roll down mountains! They are my favorites because they live in this mountain called Doom Mountain. It explodes like a volcano and tries to kill you!  Holy ****!That evil Glammondwarf guy is a member of the Garundo thieves. They are a bunch of ginger women that live on a beach. But they don't have any men in their race, so I don't understand how there are so many Garundos? Maybe some of them are trannies, like Zeldo.  I think Glammondwarf might be one. He kinda sounds like a drag queen when he laughs.Sooooo all of these people live in this magical land called Hirole with a bunch of weird cartoon characters. I think it's supposed to be kinda like Toon Town from Roger Rabbit. It's such a huge place! It takes forever to ride across it on Link's horse, Ramona! That's right! You get a horse! Link steals it from Mario and Luigi at some ranch. So I guess Link is kinda a thief. Maybe he's really one of those Garundo thieves? He does kinda look like a girl.  But he's not a ginger, so I'm not sure.Aaaanyway....play this Bassoon of Time game! It is full of so much WIN!  I hope I didn't give too much of it away!  Lulz!!11one  XD-w00tkid95-prediction:4
reviewText:The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is, simply put, the best adventure game I have ever played. I'm a newcomeer to the Zelda series, so I'm not too sure how Ocarina rates with the others, but I love it. For an Nintendo 64, the graphics are absolutely beautiful. The lighting rivals that of a Playstation 2 or Xbox or Game Cube. The sound is terrific. Each different sound effect was done in detail. The sword against stone and the sword against wood are not the same as in a lot of games and sound just like they should. The echos when you enter the room and the monsters roaring in the distance are incredibly realistic and Link's footsteps are done perfectly. The puzzles are challenging, but not so that you want to through the controller down in frustration but so that you won't put the controller down until you've figured them out. The minigames and the sidequests will keep you playing long past the time you've beaten the game itself because they are so plentiful. The controls take some getting used to but are perfect for the game's combat system. The targeting especially helps the later you get into the game. The music is captivating and is very well done. Overall, I think this is one of the best games ever, not just in adventure. It's definetly a game anybody with a Nintendo 64 should have.prediction:4
reviewText:Unless you've been living in a box your whole life, chances are you've heard about what an incredible game this is. Nay, I will go as far as to say perfect. Even if you haven't grown up with the Zelda series, you're still likely to find this game quite enjoyable. It's safe to say that this game was nothing short of revolutionary, and it continues to be one of my favorite video games of all time.The story begins as a young Link awakens in a small tree hut. Staying true to past games, you start off with no items or weapons. You soon learn that the Great Deku Tree wishes to see Link, and thus you set out to explore Kokiri Forest. Upon taking your first steps outside, you meet the elfish inhabitants of the forest. While you search the area for a sword, you have time to get accustomed to the controls and the environment. Once you have sufficiently explored the forest and gathered the required items, you head for the Great Deku Tree, accompanied by your faerie friend Navi. After completing this first dungeon, the Deku Tree explains the history of the Triforce and rewards Link with the Spiritual Stone of the Forest, thus setting the story in motion.The graphics of this game are fantastic for its time. You can now journey through a fully navigable 3D map. The details of the environment properly capture the mood of each setting, be it a forest village, a watery temple, a haunted underground maze, or the inside of a giant fish's belly. The map of Hyrule is pretty expansive and full of places and objects to explore. The cinematic sequences look great and tie the segments of the story together well.I absolutely love the controls in this game. Everything is pretty intuitive: the A Button is used to execute actions, the B Button swings your sword, and the C Buttons allow you to store up to three items to use during play. You're able to roll and jump, swim and climb, block attacks, stab, and build up power for swing attacks. But the greatest addition to the control features is the Z Targeting ability. This function allows you to lock on to people and enemies and focus a particular action on the targeted object. Moreover, this button will focus the camera directly behind Link, allowing you to have control over your point of view. To this day, I compare games' camera controls to Ocarina of Time, often wishing for that very desirable Z Targeting capability. A great addition to your supply of character controls.The story itself builds upon previous games in the series, for we interact with familiar characters like Zelda and Ganondorf in addition to many new individuals. As always, there are a whole variety of weapons and items to collect during your travels, some that are familiar and some that are new to this title. What makes this game even more engaging is the idea of traveling through time. You begin the story as a child, growing as a warrior and searching for the Spiritual Stones. When you travel into the future, the world has become darker and your missions more challenging. There is a constant interplay between the past and the present as you try to make your way through the dungeons and numerous side quests. The multitude of puzzles, games, and items to collect makes this story very immersive and entertaining. The endearing characters that you meet provide for a rich, enjoyable plot, furthering your adventure along with their dialogue and aid.And the game would not be complete without sound. Again, Ocarina of Time gains a perfect score here. The sounds that Link makes when he fights, moves, and interacts with others are both enjoyable and believable. The echoes that your character makes are varied depending on what type of environment he is in. Likewise, the soundtrack is just as appropriate. Each level has a different musical score, and each song blends in beautifully with the surroundings. Also, some of the songs are familiar tunes from the previous games, transformed just right for a sound that is nostalgic, yet new. The ocarina songs are appealing as well, adding another interesting component to the gameplay. Ocarina of Time really has a wonderful soundtrack, and even today I still enjoy listening to it.All in all, this game is truly a classic, and yet another impressive sequel in the Zelda series. From the sensible controls to the superb storyline to the awesome soundtrack, Ocarina of Time is a gem in the adventure game genre.prediction:4
reviewText:With almost three years in the making, how did The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time stand the test of time itself? As a prequel to the entire Legend of Zelda series, it has caught heavy anticipation. Ocarina is a prequel to the events before A Link to the Past. Link is a child, whose destiny is to save the land of Hyrule from Ganon (Gannondorf here) by traveling through time. You'll meet up with other characters in the adventure and interact will fellow Hylians, Kokiri, Zoras, and other civilations who aid you on your quest to save Hyrule. Ocarina of Time is one of those controversial games that the series has carried all along. In the end, the game is an Action/RPG, and should never be classified in the style of traditional, turn-based RPG's (like Final Fantasy).New additions to the series are automatic jumping and Z-targeting. The emphasis of the Zelda games has always been puzzle-solving and dungeon arrangement. You also build your attributes, receiving items including the Ocarina, learning songs whose purposes range from teleporting to opening doors to time traveling. Along with mini-games, hidden items and side quests equal, its a worthwhile experience. Graphics-wise, Hyrule never looked better and most effects in Ocarina of Time are outstanding. No need for sharp visuals and smooth framerates, but rather focus on detail and designer talent. The real-time cutscenes and the passing of day and night are impressive. The sound also holds its own on this cartridge format. The themes of Zora's Domain and Gerudo Valley are music to the ears. Zelda fans will remember tunes of Kakariko Village and Zelda's Lullaby. A big plus is that all the sound effects from previous Zelda games have made a comeback.In the end, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time makes the cut. Even though the gameplay consists mainly of dungeon-dwelling and puzzle-solving, the impressive graphics, quality sound and everything that's been obtained from previous Zelda titles will keep fans and non-fans alike entertained. It's fun.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the 2nd best game I've ever played! Even if I like Excitebike 64 more, I can't wait until I can get this! I don't have it, but my brother and I got all the way to Forest Temple from the start in just 3 days. Then we had to return it. But It's my favorite Zelda game ever.prediction:4
reviewText:Ocarina Of Time is definitely the best game on the Nintendo 64.Super Mario 64,Perfect Dark and F Zero X are awesome but Ocarina Of Time is the best out of any other game on the system.What else is there to say about a game that changed the way we look at Role Playing games forever?The graphics are awesome(some Game Cube games dont look this good) the music adds excitement and the challenges are excellent.Whereas the difficulty in Super Mario 64 stayed pretty much the same throughout the game Ocarina Of Time gets harder when you get to be a better player.Also you get an extra heart after beating bosses because youll need it.Its very challenging I still havent beaten it and am not sure if I ever will.Easy games can be a lot of fun but they just arent as substantial as a game like this.The challenge makes it fun as well as the graphics and controls. Its just a great game and is a must for any Zelda fan or just someone who loves challenging games.prediction:4
reviewText:Once again, Hyrule is being threatened by the forces of evil! As Link, the chosen hero you solve countless puzzels, and fight many, many, monsters!This game has about everything! Good graphics, great gameplay, and a wonderful story.Ganondorf, the evil in the game, needs to get the tree spiritual stones to open the Tempe of Time. He threatened the people who have them, but they didn't give him the stones. Link goes on quests to get the tree stones. Once he gets them and Zelda, the princess, gives him the Ocarina of Time,  he opens the Temple of Time. But little does he know, Ganondorf followed him.Seven years later link wakes up and Ganondorf rules Hyrule. He spreaded five of the six medallions and had monsters gaurd them. You get the only medallion Ganondorf didn't have and go on a quest to find the others.This game is great and has a wonderful selection of weapons and other things. I highly recommend it and for anyone who has a Nintendo 64, get this game for your 64 collection isn't complete without it.prediction:4
reviewText:The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time may be difficult at times for some of the temples were designed to make you think but this game is the best game I have ever played in my entire life.I have been playing nintendo for years and I have played some of the older Zelda games before but I never owned any, as soon as I tried this game - I immediately loved it and I've played it millions and millions of times.  I am so obsessed with it, I went out and pre-ordered the Wind Waker to get the Zelda bonus disc and renewed my subscription twice to Nintendo Power to get the Zelda Collector's Edition disc.There is no need for me to review this game - all I really need to say is buy it.  You will not be disappointed (if you are a nintendo fan or have a brain).  Definitely be sure to get the follow up Majora's Mask and the Wind Waker.  A must play and Link is the best hero ever.prediction:4
reviewText:If you have an N64 you absolutely should have this game. It's a remake of the classic Zelda game from the good old NES and SNES systems with some added twists, new terrain and interesting characters.If you have a GameCube I would recommend you pre-order The upcoming title &quot;The Wind Waker&quot; and if you do this right now Nintendo is offering a special deal where you can get a special release of &quot;Ocarina of Time&quot; for Game Cube. Not just the good old &quot;Ocarina of Time,&quot; made famous on N64, but also an enhanced version called &quot;Master Quest.&quot; Make sure to put both into your shopping cart and enter the correct code while checking out to capitalize on this great value.Happy Hunting.prediction:4
reviewText:When I first got my Gamecube, this game was part of the Zelda collector's edition. I didn't know much about Zelda, and had only played very few games before, but was mesmerized by this game. The beginning of it is so magical and imaginative; it really draws you in to the story. I found myself playing through the beginning of it over and over again because I didn't have my memory card yet. This game takes place in a vivid fantasy world that is vibrant, ominous, beautiful, and haunting. I had never experienced anything like it. To this day I have never been so absorbed by another game.What's really impressive is that this whole game is very consistent. The music is also exceptional. The music is better than most movie soundtracks, in my opinion. All of it perfectly accompanies what is happening in the game. So much happens in this game; it has a lot of cinematic scenes too, which really develop the story, which is an excellent tale of good versus evil.Ocarina of Time stimulated my imagination at a young age more than just about anything I know of. There are a few films and books that would come close, but I can't think of anything that could quite surpass it. Ocarina of Time is an involving, authentic, scary, and epic adventure. Playing it for the first time makes for an unparalleled experience.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the best games!  You have to play it.  It is definitely the best game in the Zelda series so far.  It has adventure, romance, mystery, and SO many subquests.  It's about a boy named Link who has a destiny.  He lives in Kokiri Village, a little tiny village in the land of Hyrule.  Anyway, a little fairy named Navi comes and says that he must meet the Deku Tree.  He does and the Deku Tree tells him to go inside the Deku Tree and destroy all of the evil monsters inside him.  Link does this and the Deku Tree gives him the Kokiri Emerald, or the Spiritual Stone of Forest.  The Deku Tree phrophesies that Ganondorf, an evil desert Gerudo man, is trying to get hold of the Triforce, the essence of life in Hyrule.  But in order to get hold of the Triforce you have to get three of the spiritual stones.  Unfortuantely, after the tree's prophecy, he died because of the curse Ganondorf had cast upon him.  But Link and Navi go on their journey and get the Goron's Ruby, or Spiritual Stone of Fire and the Zora's Sapphire, or Spiritual Stone of Water.  Link gets the Ocarina of Time but when he opens the doors Ganondorf gets in before him and he gets the Triforce.  Link waits seven years in the Chamber of Time and when he awakes he's all grown up.  Rauru, the Sage of Light is there and tells him that he must save all the Sages from their temples and receive the medallions.  He receives the Medallion of Light, Forest, Fire, Water, Shadow, and Spirit.  But the game.  It's definitely one of the best N64 games around!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is truly phenonemonal. From the amazing graphics (for what it is; a N64 game), to the music, to the challenging gameplay, to the engulfing storyline, the "Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time" is a must-play for any age. You start the game off as young Link (or whatever you want to call him), who lives in an enchanted forest where young never grow old. Inside the forest, there is a godly tree, who could be considered to be infinitly wise. The tree senses Link has the power to overthrow a great evil which is arising, and tests him to the dungeon inside of him. Link comes out, sucessful, and the tree tells him the story of the great evil which is arising. From then on, you play young Link, and must overcome many obstacles. As a child, there are 3 dungeons, and the tree's counts as one, so you're making some time, right? WRONG. There's much more to this game then beating dungeons. As a child, you can't acess as many of the things, but after you advance 7 years to the future and attain the Master Sword, many of these things are then open to you. As a child, you got an ocarina, in which you must learn songs on to access special places or do special things. Now, you can do all those things, and more. My personal favorite is Epona's song, in which you place a horse's (Epona) song, and it comes to you, in which you can ride across Hyrule Field to get to places twice as fast. As a child, you have weapons like a stick (whoopey), a sword, a shield, a sling-shot, and Duku Nuts. As an adult, you can handle 2 swords: the Master Sword, and the Giant Sword, which is so big you must handle it with 2 hands, which means no shield. You also have the hook-shot, Megaton Hammer, bow-and-arrows, and magic crystals you can do different things with. I cannot begin to explain how amazing this game is. I'd buy a Nintendo 64 all over again just for this. Now I have a Playstation 2, and I still have my Nintendo 64, but only play two games on it; this, of course, and Super Smash Brothers. Now, do yourself a favor, buy this game, and experience teh magic yourself.prediction:4
reviewText:First off, this game is very good considering it had very good graphics (for an N64) and sound. Second of all, the storyline is the best I've seen in ages. The boy from the woods that no one knows becomes the Hero of Time... I would reveal more, but I do not want to spoil the game. Third, the gameplay and controls are easy to master, so you probably wont be swinging your sword at an enemy when you intended to throw bombs at it like games with complicated buttons. (; Fourth, the thing that makes Zelda, well, Zelda! The dungeons. The puzzles in them are chalenging and fun. The scenery in the dungeons (and everything else) is amazing. Fith, the enemies are unique and mystique, making the worlds you explore even cooler. Overall, this game is THE top must have of the N64 gaming system. ...prediction:4
reviewText:I'll keep this short, as most people have probably already played this, but when this game released in 1996 there was literally NOTHING like it. no fully 3d adventure with the calibur of Ocarina of Time existed in those days. the sheer quality of this game was unheardof in 1996. the graphics were smiply beautiful for their time, and the gameplay was near perfection.You start the game as a young Kokiri boy living in the forest village with your friends and the old, wise Tree of Life. when darkness strikes your small corner of the world its up to you to delve into the tree and find out whats truly hurting and potentially killing him. after solving the situation in your home a much broader world of discovery and adventure opens up to you, and its up to you to save Hyrule.after completing 3 childhood dungeons and playing the song of time in the temple of time, you find yourself frozen in a time warp for 7 years, waking up at age 18 (i believe) waking up in adulthood you make your way across 5 more dungeons before conquering the final fortress, and facing one desperate final stand from the evil thats been behind all the trouble from the start.Truly epic in every way, considering the year it was released. Ocarina of Time is still the greatest game ever created in my opinion.10/10prediction:4
reviewText:Im not even that far(I just got past those guards)but I can tell this is a classic example of electronic excellence and is a classic that anyone lucky enough to know its out there can discover.prediction:4
reviewText:Zelda OCT is an action-adventure RPG (there is debate about this, and some argue Zelda is it's own genre) with a combination of puzzles, fighting, and racing. Anyone who enjoys this genre will be enthralled by OCT (which you can play on several Nintendo platforms including the 64 and Gamecube). I still play Zelda OCT 10+ years later on the Gamecube from time to time, it's that good of a game.Graphics:For the time period, Zelda OCT on the 64 was beautiful and it has stood the test of time FAR better than other older games on consoles. It was the first truly 3D game for a console and set the standard for what video games should look like. If you grew up on newer systems and PC's, these graphics will look "blocky" to you, but the Gamecube has an OCT version with more refined graphics. Still, if you want a "retro" video game experience, the N64 Zelda OCT has graphics that are still enjoyable today.Story:The Zelda story is perfect for a video game, as the basic premise is always the same. Link, a young boy (or young man in newer games), is the reincarnated hero of time. He must battle the evil Ganon/Ganondorf to save Hyrule and princess Zelda by using the power of the Triforce.Zelda OCT molds the "Zelda Story" into a fantastic tale that will take a least a few months to beat for your first time. The game's puzzles become progressively more difficult, culminating in the notoriously challenging dungeon - the Water Temple. The story combines several races (Hylians, Kokiri, Gerudo, Gorons, and Zora) seamlessly into one large kingdom. The enemies are varied and interesting as well. The Fantasy-Adventure story line is complex and intricate, complete with twists and shocks, time-travel, and genocide. Time affects the characters, and you see that not everyone loses when evil prevails. The story details are amazingly deep, to the point that pictures on someone's wall and the clothes they wear can fill in some back story of that character. I loved the detail and enjoyed filling in little pieces of the "back story" by talking to the NPCs and looking through the first person scope at their tattoos and clothes. The main story is also amazing, with the typical epic sword-clashing adventure ingeniously employed in the Zelda OCT universe. It's truly a master's greatest work.Game Play:The 64 had a simple controller for fun game play. There are only a few buttons, A, B, Z, C-pad, R1, L1, joystick, and the D-pad. The D-pad isn't needed in Zelda 64. This limited key selection was used to build an elegant fighting system around a few button combinations. Although B always attacks and A always does "an action", the genius of this system falls in the types of attacks you can do. Depending on the way your character is moving, and whether or not an item is targeted, Link can perform an impressive list of sword attacks (vertical cut, horizontal slash, diagonal slash, spin attack, thrust, and jump attacks). Despite the fact that B, Z, and the joystick are the only buttons that control these moves, Link is easy to control and I never had problems getting Link to perform the combination of moves I desired. Link could cut any sign into 5 unique pieces consistently - that is excellent controller response!In addition to the perfect synchronization of Link to the game controls (something newer games like Dark Souls could take a lesson on) the game play is interesting and varied. Although the main fighting style will be slashing it up with your sword, each monster has a unique weakness that you can take advantage of with a variety of weapons. Link not only totes a one-handed sword and shield, but he also get's access to a sling shot and deku seeds, boomerang, hook shot, bow and arrows, bombs, deku sticks, deku nuts, and two impressive two-handed weapons: a hammer and a sword. These weapons can all be used in different ways to different effects at various times in the games.Although the game would have been interesting enough with just those weapons, the game is further varied by magic. Link can wield three types of hand magic, as well as three types of magic arrows. This adds another level of monster fighting, where Link tries to find the weakness so he can move in and dice them up.Apart from the impressive array of weapons, Link also packs a varied wardrobe. The stoic hero is far from interested in fashion (I mean, he runs around in a tunic and tights with a long cap, so he obviously doesn't care about his looks), so each piece has a specific use. You can mix and match boots and tunics for different benefits. Some bosses can only be beat with the right combination of clothing and shields, and figuring out how to use which items against a difficult boss is part of what makes Zelda OCT a great game.Wait, there's still more to combat. Apart from the variety of moves and effects Link can muster with his impressive array of items, there is also horseback combat. You can ride around on Epona, a fierce, wild, mare who only listens to you, and shoot things with your bow and arrow. There are also mini games centered around the fun and challenging horseback combat.Summary:Zelda OCT is an excellent Action-Adventure RPG with an epic story line that seamlessly melds a complex kingdom and elegant fighting style into a grand video game. The characters are interesting, with even the most minor sentinels having a back story that you can uncover. The main story is fun to progress through, and you care about a lot of the characters you meet. The controls are excellent and perfectly integrated for fun, non-frustrating, game play. The bosses are challenging, requiring wit to uncover their weakness from the surroundings and circumstances before you can move in and damage them with your sword.Final Note:If the 64 is too retro for you, Zelda OCT has been remade for the Gamecube with newer graphics. However, the Gamecube controller does not integrate as seamlessly as the 64 (understandably) so you will miss out on a large part of what made Zelda 64 great. Additionally, there is a 3DS version, but I haven't played that so I really can't comment.prediction:4
reviewText:THIS IS THE MOST ABSOLUTE SUPERIOR GAME EVER MADE! You have almost no limits as to what you can do and there is always another secret or trick you can learn! Not only this but there are no limits to the fun you can have with this game. I enjoy the challenges and puzzles and new items and moves you have to get. If you are going to buy a game for Nintendo 64 this is the game to buy!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Thinking back on the times of Zelda, have got me thinking. The game was absolutely breath taking, I remember how fun and exciting it was, and it was so good, because of the challenge. If there is still anyone who has not played and beaten this game, please get it, it is totally worth the money. Then in 4 or 5 years, you too can think of what a great game Zelda was, but then you will feel bad for neglecting your Nintendo 64 and playing your PS2, but PS2's time for neglection will come in a few years also.prediction:4
reviewText:This is, to me, not only the greatest Zelda game in the series, but also the greatest game I've ever play.Where to begin? There is so much in this game that makes it so fun. I absolutely love the side quests. Getting the Biggoron Sword is a race against time, but very rewarding considering you will posess an awesome huge sword that is twice as powerful as the Master Sword!Another side quest I loved was completing the Gerudo Training Fortress to get the Ice arrows. This will force you to use all your skills and items, and will really put you to the test. I would even venture to say that the Gerudo training temple is more difficult than almost every other dungeon.The ghost hunting side quest is very tough and takes practice and patience. Capture all 10 big poes roaming the field of hyrule and sell them to the strange ghost shop. You will get the 4th bottle (the hardest to get)Even the mask salesman side quest is very interesting and unique. While many wouldn't bother to complete it, but the reward is the very cool and mysterious "Mask of Truth". Furthermore, this side quest is slightly more significant considering that the masks are the focal point in the follow up "Majoras' Mask".But of course, my favorite side quest is the Skulltula side quest. It is very long and trying, but definitely worth it. This is another side quest many people wouldn't bother to complete, but completing it does have it's merits. For example: there is a very profitable rewards system in play. Destroy 10 Golden Skulltulas, and you get the adult wallet (holds 200 rupees). At 20, you get the stone of agony, which (when playing with a rumble pack inserted) will alert the player when a secret is nearby. At 30, get the Giant's Wallet and you can carry 500 rupees. At 40 you get Bombchus (I know, lame). At 50, get a piece of heart. After that, you get nothing more unless you manage to destroy all 100 golden skultullas. Doing this will result in you being able to get 200 rupees every time you visit the house of skultulla. Unlimited money is very cool, although a bit useless at that late a stage in the game.The bosses are great. I won't go into great detail, but I've always loved the fight with Volvagia the lava dragon. There is something so classic and satisfying about watching Link defeat a lava dragon in a volcano with the master sword and hylian shield. Also, the final battle with Gannondorf is a real treat, and I never get tired of firing the magic arrows of light at him. The fight has a very epic quality to it, and the final battle against the horribly mutated Gannon has a nightmarish ambience to it.The temples all have thier own awesome themes, both musically and environmentally. I always thought that the Forest Temple was incredibly imaginative and just stunning. It has the feel of something abandoned to the wild with overgrown vines overtaking the temple, and the open courtyard.The music is top-notch even by today's standards. Koji Kondo really put together a masterpiece.There is even a sweet element of sadness in Link's lost childhood, with the loss of his friendship to Saria. The moments where Shiek teaches you a song to warp to a temple always has a reference to a long lost friendship or the somewhat cruel passage of time.The ability to customize adult Link's appearance is pretty unique and cool where you can choose with color tunic he wears, which sword and shield to wield.In short, this is a wonderful game that will always have a special place in my heart.prediction:4
reviewText:Yes, TR3 is a bear (so to speak ;-).  E.g., there's a particular spot at the very outset of the game, hiding under the leaves, which you have to make a blind leap to find, and would never guess is there if someone hadn't told you.  But that is in the grand old tradition of Adventure -- the one point remainder (a postage stamp, usually, in the old days, or dropping the magazine in a particular place when you're at your wit's end).  The impossible puzzle drags you out of the game and forces you to kickstart your social life, and ASK REAL PEOPLE for the answer.  Very legitimate.  Same as, "Don't kill monks at Barkhang Monastery" (TR2), and don't kill monkeys either (TR3)!  This game is a heckuva lot of fun on a great many levels OTHER THAN gameplay.  It's full of visual splendors that rival the next to last discontinuous maze of TR2, and I enjoy everything about it ... except playing.  The game part is tedious, unfair and annoying beyond belief.  But it's a real collector's item, especially on PlayStation 2 (be sure to keep your PS1 memory card!), and in our family, it's in its second generation of total immersion.prediction:4
reviewText:For a few reasons new people of the Tomb Raider games should not start out on this one, unless they are really skilled at video games. Seriously I beat Tomb Raider One and Two and even Four with a heck of a lot more ease than I did with part Three. So no I would not recommend this to new gamers but people that want a challenge this is the game to get.One of the biggest reasons this game is so hard are the secrets. They sometimes put the secrets in places you would never even notice. So I advise, if you want the secret level at the end of this game, to get a strategy guide cause 99% of the time you cannot find all the secrets on your own. The secret level though is not neccessary to beat the game at the end, and not truly worth the bother to me. I was so happy and exhausted to just finally beat the game that I could have cared less about a secret level and wouldn't have wanted to play it anyway.And that was another problem. How hard the ultimate boss at the end was. I thought the dragon in part two was difficult- at least when it hit me I didn't automatically lose. With the ultimate boss in part three if you get too close he will spew this stuff at you and right away you drop dead. It was difficult and frustrating and took me forever to beat. Yet I cannot say it is impossible, for I did at last beat it, but it is NEARLY impossible and will take you most likely a long while like I. What I did was the best, I got out my rocket launcher and just kept blowing away at him while jumping around and around that platform. I definitely would not stand there or get too close make sure you are as far away as possible for he will not spew that stuff at you unless you are close.Then I guess the next hardest part of part three was just the levels themselves. Some parts of the game were very difficult and without the strategy guide next to me I would have encountered many, many dead ends or stepped into a place that just ended Lara. It grew pretty frustrating at times and the worst part of it all is that you cannot save anytime you like- so unless you cheat and get a load of crystals you will do some backtracking.Worst part of the game:Nevada- In this part all the medi packs you saved up, all the ammo you saved up before- the guards take it all away from you so you have to go through the levels finding your guns and picking up as many medi packs as you can. It grew to be very difficult and I hated that part of the game. The only good part of this level was at the very end when you got to see a few alien bodies.Best parts of the game:South America- For its lovely scenes and it wasn't impossible to beat. I also liked the dinosaurs they put in, it reminded me of Tomb Raider One all over again.And London- London was fun as well I enjoyed playing there, with what looked like the same Sphinx- like statue placed in this part as was in Tomb Raider One, except this time you don't go into this one.So- So Levels:India- Sometimes a challenge that got on my nerves but then the rest of the time it was just normal Tomb Raider stuff, a little boring of a level compared to the others. The statues coming alive were pretty scary though.Anartica- Creepy part of the game. At the ending part of all Tomb Raider games there is some breed of creatures you have to fight- in part one it was what looked like animals turned inside out- in part two she fought what looked like action figures- and now in part three she has to fight mutants. Creepy definitely. Got a little scary sometimes. And this part of the game was not too hard, but indeed I was always kept on alert with those mutants. One problem I hated in this part though was the carts- those mine carts drove me crazy I was always dying in them. Just keep working at it though, eventually you get around those corners without dying.Overall I give this game a 3.5 to a 4 star rating. It is definitely not as good as the first two, just a heck of a lot more frustrating but indeed it was a challenge and Lara Croft is still a fun character to play with so I can't hate this game, but I definitely will not play it again for a long time. It is just too stressful and hard of a game to play all the time.Do not think Tomb Raider Four is just as stressful and nearly impossible- Part Four is a lot better and I recommend it highly.prediction:4
reviewText:Turok 2 when I was younger as a kid was amazing, no parents told me I was not aloud to play it because they never actually played it themselves to know. The graphical content and gore was stunning to my 5 year old eyes. The first level took me forever to beat and I only beat it once. Plus I didn't have a controller pak. Then came the day I bought it again for my n64, nothing looks more sexy than Turok 2 in a green nintendo 64. The first time I ever beat it and it took as long as it did to beat a metroid game and there are only 6 levels. Weapons in old games to begin with were always amazing. I was always able to hold as many as they would let me. Such as doom, Turok, South park, Armorines, perfect dark, etc. Then new games came along and ruined everything that is great about Fps. Sure they have better graphics and frame rate. But they are all the same to be honest. Emulators sucks ass I don't care if its rgb or not. But just old games from dos to the beginning game cube fps's are all I got. But something about the way a n64 looks and the way the graphics look on it just make me love it so much. To me it's the best looking system and has the best looking games. Turok tops it all! Way ahead of its time it set the standard of what the n64 was capable of. Turok 2 is on pc and n64. The n64 game had stencil bits and made the game take a hit in frame rate. Stencil bit shadows were a new thing in 98 so iguana tried it out. In my honest opinion I wouldn't have even cared if the shadows were just the classic circle or just no shadows at all. Still it is stunning the n64 could handle what was thrown at it. The AI in the game was the most fascinating thing I have ever seen in a game and still is. They are smart and fight one another (really fun to watch) I found the game to run best in Hi-res-LB and looks the best as well. The weapons are still the coolest weapons in any game on the face of this planet and all of them are uniquely different. My favorite weapons are the Tek Bow, Shotgun, War-blade, Razor-wind, Cerebral bore, Plasma Rifle, Mag-60, Grenade launcher, the kick ass Charge Rifle (ONE OF THE BEST LOOKING WEAPONS), Firestorm Cannon (like a mini-gun but different and bad ass sounding), Nuke, Flamethrower (The first fire to actually show 3D even in almost all games on n64), and the torpedo Launcher (because you can go through water faster). Music has always been one of my favorite things when it comes to games because the music sets the mood and Turok 2 has the best music in any n64 game I have ever heard, sorry Perfect Dark your music and K7-Avenger are great to but Turok is to bad ass. Iguana seemed to like it so much and acclaim that, that the music is in all Turok games as well as Vexx and Armorines and more have some similar sound. The multiplayer in Turok 2 to me is absolutely stunning (I run that in low-res) and is just as good as Goldeneye, Perfect Dark, The world is not enough, and Turok Rage wars. Quite a few games ran on the Turok engine as well. Armorines (a amazing game! Uniquely different yet just as awesome), and South Park (not many liked this game but to me it's like a mixture of Doom+Turok=South park!... The multiplayer is good to just don't go above 2 players.) So you see Turok 2 was used in many things and is an amazing game. Once you play it you will wish iguana and acclaim still existed. They were the company that developed and distributed games with their say so. Making their games unique. Most hated their games but they never looked at the work they did. Extreme G2 for example had so much done to it that it to suffered frame rate and certain levels were unplayable in single player Grand Prix but in time trials they all ran smooth and helped with remembering everything. Extreme g2 to me is the best out of the series. I have almost every game by Acclaim and love every game (except turok 3, its a good run the first time but compared to dinosaur hunter and seeds of evil it is crap). So Turok 2 is amazing! if you want to try it get it now! on n64 or even on PC! You will love the game and see all the death animations and creative designs and levels! Turok is the greatest fps try them all! (your own risk for 3 but a good to the collection) Dinosaur Hunter 1 amazing smooth game great n64 game, the first fps on n64. Seeds Of Evil 2 Worthy sequel and is amazing in graphics and game play. Shadow Of Oblivion a okay game for the first run but great for the collection. Rage Wars the true sequel or attachment to Turok 2 and has great multiplayer and just as bad ass guns. Evolution fantastic remake of the first Turok starring Tal'set and has amazing weapons and is the biggest game of them all featuring over 14 chapters and has awesome multiplayer. Turok PC,360,ps3 I played it on 360, Runs on the Unreal Engine (which is bad ass) a great game with good weapons (Why I liked it is because I was quick and accurate, I run faster than slow ass call of duty and has worthy death animations like Turok 2 but not as good and not as good music, awesome multiplayer [if anyone is on] and a good campaign). These are the Turok games! Which started out as comics and became life and were playable. Get Turok 2 you will enjoy it! And bring a few friends over! It is A True Turok Game and is worth being played even in todays cliche fps trigger happy CoD fans.prediction:4
reviewText:As most already know twisted metal is a car combat game collect weapons and destroy your enemies as you drive pretty simple idea that can definitely be fun....Summary:(Read Below if you wanted More Info)1= Very good2=Great!3= HIt or Miss with the more realistic physics4= HIt or Miss Imo due to the character design styled more like 1 & 2 than 3Black=First and Best PS2 Twisted Metal Arguably the best Twisted Metal of AllHead On=Good Gameplay Online Mode included (psp and ps2) Spiritual Sequel to Twisted Metal 2Twisted Metal (2012 for PS3)=Didnt play this one but heard it was goodTwisted Metal: A great game, revolutionary for video games of the first 3d era. Still a fun game and the only twisted metal with the inside the car view no saving to memory cards there was a short code for resuming your game later.Twisted Metal 2: Most fans will consider this to be the best twisted metal of all the final release with single track after this one the game changes its physics dramatically...Twisted Metal 3: In this installment twisted goes for a much more realistic driving feel for the cars. Now this isn't necessarily a bad thing but to most fans it just wasn't as fun. This was 989 studios first attempt to make a twisted metal game and fans trying out twisted metal for the first time tend to be the only fans that like 3 the best. However a few of the early twisted metal fans like 3 better but the game play turned off a large percentage of fans so this one is hit or miss try it you might like it best or you might not like it at all.  In the end 989 failure to appeal to a large amount of the fans of the franchise put twisted metals popularity into a downward spiral.Twisted Metal 4: This game still made by 989 studios and after twisted metal 3 alot of the people who would of liked this game were no longer interested in twisted metal this one goes back gameplay designed to be fast and fun.  I would say compared to 1 and 2 the default characters you can chose from are less interesting and useful however you can create your own cars.  I think it was this that makes or breaks the game if you found a car you enjoyed playing you would probably like twisted metal 4 if not then your likely to turn away from it and say its a bad game.  This game attempted to incorporate features that would make hands down the best twisted metal and to some it was.  This is the last twisted metal game for the playstation 1.Twisted Metal Black: First Playstation 2 release and back in the hands of the original creators who reformed under the name Incognito entertainment.  Best Graphics easily so far and better than even the game to come after and gameplay thats arguably just or good or better than any of the other games.  With nearly as many features as 4 including the first twisted metal game that was online capable(with a special disc not all copies could do that and official servers are shut down now)  this game is considered the best by playstation 2 fans and many fans of the twisted metal series.Twisted Metal Head On: This is the spirtual sequel to twisted metal 2 its graphics and gameplay feel like they derived from number 2 however i would not say gameplay is quite as good as number 2 it does have all new stages and solid gameplay with new upgrade system after you kill an opponent you can collect a drop from them to increase your fire power this could be considered better or worse.prediction:4
reviewText:works just fine. old school just the way it should be. a huge improvement from twisted metal II.  Still old school graphics but it still is fun to play.prediction:4
reviewText:Tomb Raider 3 is the hardest of the Tomb Raider series (at least in my opinion). It has a very complicated plot, decent graphics, and a moderate amount of action--although I have not completed it myself. It could use more action and less puzzles, however. The biggest problem with it that I've faced is that it has a lot of bugs and errors throughout. Some errors can be fixed without a lot of hassle, others can be fixed but with a lot of hassle, and some can't be fixed at all. Myself, I don't have a lot of patience, I just play the game because I love challenges. So, unless you have a LOT of patience, or enjoy tough challenges like I do, TR3 is not for you.prediction:4
reviewText:For those of you who haven't played Super Mario 64, I would like to say on behave of all of us that have, "your truly missing out!" Super Mario 64 was the very first video game I ever played on my Nintendo 64, so my review could be a little biased, but I just recently replayed the game from start to finish and it still has not lost its touch. It's a game for people that love adventures, puzzles, shooting, and the occasional flying. It never seizes to get old and the graphics are as good as they can get for the Nintendo 64.The object of the game is simple, Bowser has kidnapped Princess Peach, and you, Mario (the greatest Plummer in the world), must save her. Bowser is hiding somewhere in the castle and you must find him by collecting all of the hidden stars scattered throughout various paintings that give Mario his power. To find Bowser, you must climb to the top of the tower. Each floor requires a certain number of stars that have to be collected before you can move on. Every painting that has stars in them are magical paintings that Mario can jump through to transport himself to a different world were he can explore for stars.Overall, I rank the game a 9/10 for its creativity and several different ways it keeps players focused and entertained. The makers of Mario did a fantastic job integrating so many different aspects of gaming, which in turn made it so great. I hope that whoever is reading this can come to their senses and BUY THIS GAME!prediction:4
reviewText:1996 was a fairly important year in the realm of video gaming. The Super Nintendo Entertainment System dies out in the United States. Diablo comes out for the PC. However, the biggest news is the launch of Nintendo's amazing new system: the Nintendo 64, which was lauded for its beautiful graphics and a brilliant new controller.Two games were released along with the system. There was Pilotwings 64, which was not exactly what was expected, but the other game was called the greatest game of all time (as of 1996, that is, at least in the eyes of critics) by several source. And it really was.The first thing that strikes your eyes is its delicious eye candy. The first thing that pops out at you after the title is Giles Goddard's Mario face. And boy does it look good! But enough with the intro. It's time to see whether the game itself passes the graphics test.Answer? Yes it does. Even after five years, Super Mario 64 is still one of the most beautiful games for Nintendo's crowning glory (speaking from a fanboy's POV.) The character and tree designs are very outdated by today's standards, but the water is still lovely (though surpassed) and some of the brick and stone backgrounds still are the most realistic that I have ever seen. Today the graphics would get a C by reviewers, but back in 1996, this game would get an A+.But who cares how it looks. Let's see how it sounds.The answer? Great! Before 1996, Nintendo fans never had a chance to hear Mario talk, but the first thing that greets you when you turn on the system is a jingle and the words "It's-a me, Mario!" and "Hello!" while a remixed version of the classic Mario theme plays in the back. But again, this is only the intro. The question is whether games sounds that good.The answer, naturally, would be even better. Mario comes packed with a large batch of sayings including "Mama mia!", "Here we go!" and "Press start to play!" Unfortunately, everything else (other than Peach and Bowser) don't talk in anything else other than words. But remember the fact that this is a first generation cartridge game, and if people complain for Zelda, then they shouldn't complain here.The music and sound effects are just divine. Outside the castle, you are greeted with the happy chirping of birds and the roaring of a nearby waterfall. Enter and the cozy castle theme starts playing. Each of the levels come equipped with music that ranges from peaceful to energetic to somber. The Bowser fight music ranges from rock to organ music, and it's all wonderful.Now that the graphics and the sound are out of the way, let's get into the meat of the game: the gameplay.The first thing most people would notice is how different this is from traditional Mario games. There are only 1-Up mushrooms, and the only pipe that appears is in the very beginning. However, Super Mario 64 is 3D, and most of those elements just wouldn't work in a 3D game.The story, according to the manual, is that Peach invites Mario over to the castle for a cake. When Mario reaches the castle, he is greeted with a gruff voice. Wondering what went on, Mario explores the rooms and finds a giant painting where he can jump in. There, he finds himself in a new world, with a giant Bob-Omb on the top. He fights and defeats it (you'll have to do that part yourself) and gets a star. Later, he learns that Bowser has attacked the castle, captured the Princess, stolen the Power Stars, and has sent his army to take over the worlds inside the paintings, then the world itself.Yeah, so it isn't much different from other Mario games, but that's not the point. The point is, there are 120 stars out there (although 70 is need to beat the game, but where's the fun in that?) for you to collect. Your misson to explore 15 worlds to find those 120 stars.Well, instead of having a Super Mario and a Mario like in past Mario games, Mario has 8 life bars. Hitting certain enemies would make him lose 2 life bars, as well falling from semi-high heights. Burning Mario's butt will make him lose 3. Certain other enemies and falling from really high heights will make him lose 4. But don't worry. Coins and water will replenish your health. If you lose all 8 or fall down a pit, you lose a life. But for every 50 coins you get with a star and every 1-Up Mushrooms, you get a life.Your moves include the standard running, punching, butt-stomping, as well as the kick, the long-jump, the wall-kick, the side-somersault, and the backflip. You can also swim! There are three special caps that gives you special abilities. The Flying Cap gives you the ability to fly. The Metal Cap gives you the ability to walk underwater and be immune to enemy. The Vanish Cap gives you the ability to walk through enemies and certain walls. Mario most employ all of those ablities to save the Princess and the world.The Nintendo 64 controller, with its analog stick, makes it possible for Mario to perform the tasks successfully. (Just imagine travelling in a 3D world with a D-pad.) Some people complain about the camera angles and how you have to control them with the C-button. It may be annoying at first, but eventually you'll get used to it, and it'll come naturally, and you'll learn to play with the bad angles.Super Mario 64 not only has good graphics, good sound, and good gameplay, but the fact that it is revolutionary (in that it brings gaming into the 3D world) makes it not only the best game of 1996, but possibly also the best game ever. That's right, even better than Castlevania and Super Metroid.prediction:4
reviewText:Super Mario 64 was the first game to be available for the N64. I remember the first time it came out, how it's graphics, music and gameplay really amazed me. Sadly, very few games came after it to give much competition. To this day, it still remains one of the best N64 games out there. The sheer scope of the game is enough to pick it up. It's made up of 20+ levels that can be played in a semi-non linear order. The graphics are bright and clear, and the animations are creative for each character. Gameplay is pretty deep, but extremely intuitive and becomes second nature after playing for a short time. The real plus in this game is the music, some of the most catchiest to be written for a game to date. Pick this one up for both its historical value and for the fact that its a great game.prediction:4
reviewText:I stand behind this game being the best Super Mario game nintendo has produced. Too bad it was on a system that people didn't enjoy - too many complaints over the control and the game selection and graphics capability it was a true underdog. But Super mario 64 has so many good qualitiesthis game takes forever to beat. Some may think this is a nusance but its filled with many many wonderful levels of funeach level is unique and its organized in a wonderful fashion, you never get too confused in nagivating the gameThere is ALWAYS something new to find, and many races and somewhat minigames that are actually entertaining and not ultimately annoy you.You get frusterated when you lose, you realize this isn't some easy game  you can breeze through, its actually difficult - appreciate that challenge because challenge is hard to come by in games these days.Graphics aren't overdone. Good, you can find flaws, especially these days, the angles may alert some gamers as being old fashioned, but think about it like this... its not 2D. lol.Overall, I love this game. Without a doubt, I consider it amongst the top 3 of my favorite games. If you haven't played this game, you are really missing out on something, go play it, you'll see how fun and exciting this game can be. and believe me - it only gets better.prediction:4
reviewText:So what is Mario's quest this time? Save the Princess "Peach" by defeating the evil Bowser, while collecting 70 stars in only 15 levels (all 15 levels are contained in 1 huge castle). It might not be the best Mario game, but it offers a new 3D world and a whole new realism. It also has new features such as an energy feature, where rather than collecting power-ups like the fire flower, you now collect a gold coin and you get a block of energy back! Now Mario has far more of an offense rather than just stomping enemies, he can now throw punches, kicks and slide into enemies, making full use of the 3D plane. The enemies come to life in 3D, such as huge chain chomps, menacing goombas and annoying koopas The graphics could have been better, because they make enemies out of simple colors rather than textures like more recent games have. The music and sound effects are nice, because Mario now has a voice to be heard. There are however only minimal power-ups, such as Mario's Winged hat, which allows him to fly, and Mario's steel cap, making him invincible.prediction:4
reviewText:Super Mario 64 is one of the most amazing games I've ever played. In fact, it's my second favorite game of all time, next to Super Mario Galaxy. You get to explore the large levels freely, and do most of the levels in any order you want. Gameplay and controls are simple and easy to pick up,  but they're very fun. Not only do the good graphics look 3D, but the music also sounds 3D. Some things in this game are just too great for words, it's easily the game of the decade for the 90's, easily beating out Super Mario World (The second best), which is amazing. This game is far supirior to that overrated Zelda Ocarina of Time. I rate this game 100/100. It's Perfect!prediction:4
reviewText:Okay so when I decided I wanted to buy a "new" nintendo 64, my brain automatically said "now where can I find super mario". Hours upon hours were spent on this game when I was a tweenager and I had so much fun with it. So I went out as soon as I could and bought it again.I was kind of worried, because I had gotten some games with my system that I used to this were fun also but they ended up being a little too easy since I'm older now, but when I got this and played it it was exactly the same. Some easy levels, and some that take forever to get through, but in a good way.I have had it for a month now and haven't gotten bored with it yet. So I recommend this game to people of all ages. I even let my 3 year old brother try it out and he had a blast, even though he had no clue how to really navigate 100%.BUY IT.prediction:4
reviewText:The Mario series from Nintendo has consistently produced games that are refreshing and innovative, not to mention extremely addictive and fun to play.  First there was the original Super Mario Brothers and Super Matio Brothers 3 for the NES, to Super Mario World for the SNES, and now Super Mario 64 for the N64.  The game is 5 years old now, but it's still just as fun to play as ever.  The graphics and sound make excellent use of the N64's capabilities to create a 3D world that was just jaw-dropping in 1996 and is still pretty awesome today.As others have said, the basic story of the game is classic Mario:  Bowser has kidnapped the Princess, and Mario must rescue her.  To do this, he must collect a minimum of 70 stars from the 15 worlds in the game.  These worlds are accessed by jumping through paintings and other objects scattered throughout the Mushroom Castle, plus there are 15 stars contained within the castle itself.  Although you only need 70 stars to finish the game, there are a total of 120 stars available for collection, and you won't be satisfied until you have collected each one.  The 15 worlds have varying levels of difficulty, but each and every world has some easy stars and some that are very difficult.  It took me about 100 hours total to collect all 120 stars and rescue the Princess the first time.  Each level has a different theme.  Some are on mountains, some are in water-filled caves, and there is one set inside a giant clock.  My personal favorite is the haunted house level.The gameplay in Mario 64 is exceptional.  Mario has many different types of moves, ranging from tiptoeing around sleeping enemies, to a great long jump, to a very difficult-to-master wall jump.  You must master all the moves if you expect to get all 120 stars.  Also, there are three special hats scattered throughout the game that allow Mario to fly, walk underwater, and become invisible.  Again, all are vital for 120 stars.After you finally win, you might expect that you will never want to take on such a huge task again.  But, such is not the case.  Even though you have all 120 stars, you can go back to levels you have beaten and play them over and over, as much as you want.  You'll be tempted to do just that.  The experience of playing through the incredible world of the Mushroom Castle is such that you will be coming back for many repeat visits.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is great!!!!!!! I played a friends, and then they gave it to me.. Ive beat it!! I still have to try to get all the stars, but I will!! The game is REAL fun and interactive with many great lands and levels to get the stars, and fun bosses!! The game is just REALLY great, I really love it!! IT ROCKS!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Super Mario 64 is one of the best games ever.It's a classic, no Mario fan should be without it.Now, onto the reveiw:Controls:9.5/10It's pretty good compaired to some games, but most games have much smoother control.But since this is one of the first N64 games, I'm going to give it a good rating considering there are no PS2s, GCs, or Xboxs.There's mario's famous jump, double jump, and triple jump.The double and triple jumps can be performed by timing when you press the A button.There is also the groundpound aka buttstomp and other confusing jumps.Also, Mario can pick up and throw various items, climb walls using the wall jump,and punch and kick.The reson why this game's getting a 9.5 is because some jumps can be hard to master, and controlling Mario can sometimes be hard.Graphics:10/10Like I said:This is one of the first Nintendo 64 games!So, it's okay that the graphics are a little blocky and not very detailed.The graphics are very well done.Replay Value:7/10The point of the game is to retrieve all of the castle's power stars and save princess Peach.There are 120 in all.You only need 70 to beat the game.Sure, it's fun to go back and beat the game a couple more times.But how much time are you going to spend getting all 120?Some stars are very hard to get, and after a couple of times, you might get frusterated and just give up!Overall:10/10Super Mario 64 is a brilliant game.Mario can be turned into metal Mario, invisible and fly by wearing special caps that last a certain amount of time.He can shoot from cannons and swing Bowser around by the tail.The courses are cleverly designed, everything is almost perfect.I use the word "almost" because nothing is perfect.prediction:4
reviewText:I started my first succesful city (w/o a starter city) and it was great! Then, after about two hours of gameplay, MY 855,500 pop. city had a problem with people. It must have, because in less than 20 minuets, My city was reduced to about 250,000 pop. Get this IT WAS FOR NO APPARENT REASON. My popularity was high, all of the ordenances I could have had were activated, all buildings had water and power, I had full funding to schools, firestations, police, ect., police and fire coverage were excelant, taxes were only at 3 for everything (Ind., Com., and Res.), and everything else you could think of, I had it. It was the perfect city and my whole population (who still liked by the way) left the city. If you have a good reason for it , I'd say it was a glitch in the game. Don't get me wrong, it is a fun game when there is a reason to the sudden drops, but I don't think you can have a real good city that lasts for more than four or five hours and there is no good city, they'll all die out eventually. The only option you have is LOSS. I am hoping that SC 4000 will be MUCH better.prediction:4
reviewText:I did not play this on N64, but I did play it in the arcade! It is such a wonderful and awesome game it is not even the least bit funny! The graphics rock, the arenas are both cool looking and interesting, there are many cool moves each of the fighters have, and the endings are movies! I have won this game four times, all four as none other than Scorpion, my favorite MK fighter(4 times I won MK4! Perfect fit!). I love this game, it is cooler than nearly any game I know, there are some of the coolest fighters ever along with Scorpion in it, and I plan to get it for my computer. Period.prediction:4
reviewText:Despite mixed emotions from reviewers all over, Mortal Kombat 4 is an awesome fighting game. Taking the once 2-D game into 3-D now adds alot of depth. The game moves just as smoothly and as fast as the past games so, those who still have the 'twitch' when it comes to fighting games, will feel right at home. I remember when I played this at the arcade at our local mall when it first came out. I went up against a 12 year old kid and got my tail kicked by him on it but I was tickled to just get to play it. I'm tickled it's out for the systems. Definitely worth checking out. Collect it if you can.prediction:4
reviewText:Super funny game. A little raunchy but hilarious all the while. May not be appropriate for younger kids. The story is fun to play yet predictable.prediction:4
reviewText:Now if you are a fan or those 2-D games and stuff like that, you probably will think this is a disgrace for the N64. I thought this game was awesome. Especially the beginning, Forest Of Silence! The music and sound effects are great and the game story is good. The controls may take a while to get used to but if you like games with a challenge, get this. I think that fighting skeletons gets boring after a while but I think when you get to higher levels, (I'm not sure of this) there will be more vicious enemies to fight for your pleasure. I thought the game could have been a little more...well....diverse and detailed, but where I am now, is awesome! I have to say, I bought this at Fucoland and I had no idea I would like it this much. I rented it once before and I hated it because it was so hard. Really, I just didn't put my mind to it and look where I am now. I'm in the 1st castle! This is a great action-RPG game that will keep you hooked for hours. I would recommend that 10 and up should play this game because of the theme and the bloody scenes. There isn't much of a story to this game but for me, that's okay. But for serious gamers (I think I am but this game is so good that I don't really care about the story) you might be a little ticked off because of the lack of story. There many levels for you to get through and they all take a long time. The Forest Of Silence took me about 3 hours to figure everything out (no cheats no guide no nothing). There are two charaters to chose from. Reinhart and a girl (I forgot her name). Now Reinhart has a sword and a whip to fight off enemies and to destroy other things. I think he is better than the girl because he has a stronger weapon. The girl has a energy ball that takes 2 seconds to charge up. I don't like that because if an enemy is comming towards you, you have to charge. She also has these two....rings they look like. She uses that to slice things, just like Reinhart's sword. There are two modes you can go through. Easy and Normal. Normal is not that hard but there is quite a difference between that and easy. There are some options that you can do like the controls and stuff. As I mentioned before, their isn't much of a storyline but when you start the game, there is some. So that makes the game better. Be prepared to do a lot of jumping.Overall, this game has great sound effects, music, weapons, items, charaters, abilities, an okay storyline, excellent graphics and just a really good play!prediction:4
reviewText:A wonderful game, and I believe that it is a lot better than the second.  In the second the graphics are solid, but the bad guys aren't the greatest bad guys and plus the levels look alike.  Anyways, in this game you'll jump off prehistoric glaciers, face giant enemies, glide across cliffs and free enslaved Dragons, and collect gems and treasure.  Sure, some parts of this game is a little frustrating, and sure, the camera angles are a bit awkward, but you get used to it and get the hang of it. It's a lot like RP games, where the first time you play it, it is incredibly hard, but once you beat it, you'll play it hundreds of times.  I must have beat this game atleast thirty times.  Probably forty.  Anyways, buy it.  It's worth your money.  The graphics are fluid and spectacular, and at times this game can have some humor in it. It's worth the money, believe me.prediction:4
reviewText:Spyro the Dragon: the game that SHOULD have been Sony's mascot instead of Crash Bandicoot.The original Spyro the Dragon is probably the best platform/adventure game you can find for the Playstation.  I can't give Spyro's first adventure a 5-star rating, though.  Let's get the problems out of the way before moving on to the positive things about Spyro (and believe me, there's a LOT of good things about this game).People have compared Spyro the Dragon to everything from Crash Bandicoot to Banjo-Kazooie to Nights, and... who knows what else.  Well, I think the first Spyro game is JUST as good as all those games.  In fact, Spyro the Dragon is better than the first Crash Bandicoot game.  Now THERE'S a game that disappointed me.  Spyro came out of nowhere and RULED right from the beginning.  I never would have guessed back in 1998 that Spyro would have went on to become a classic.Spyro's debut does have a few problems, though.  Seeing as how this is Spyro's very first adventure I won't be TOO harsh.  Am I the only one who thinks the play control could have been better?  It's not that I have a tough time controlling Spyro.  Well, to be honest, I DID have trouble controlling him at first.  Spyro doesn't QUITE take off when you hit up, down, left or right on the directional pad.  There's a split second delay before moving forward.  Maybe the creators of the game thought this was part of the realism since, after all, you're moving a DRAGON.  A BIG creature like a dragon won't move forward right away.  Then again, Spyro is small compared to the dragons you have to rescue.Controlling Spyro was definitely a problem for me at first.  For example, attempting to properly jump on top of the three round platforms you encounter at the very beginning of the first world was NOT an easy task.  I kept sliding off.  By the way, I recommend you take advantage of these round platforms to get to know the controller.  Master the controller before exploring the world.  This will cut down on any possible frustration you may encounter in the future.I have to consider that my inability to control Spyro may have been due to the camera angles.  Even though the camera in this game is *drastically* better than many other games, you have to admit it isn't flawless either.  If you hit Pause and go to the options, you will see an option for a second camera view called "active".  This view is better because the camera immediately follows behind Spyro at ALL times.  The other (default) camera view is more of a hassle trying to figure out where you're moving, and you can't get a good view of what lies ahead.  You may want to change it to "active" if the other camera view is difficult for you.  Thank goodness for this option!Some people have a problem with the lack of challenge.  While it's completely true you won't have much trouble making it to the end of any stage in the game, prepare to die 4 or 5 times in each stage before you understand exactly what you have to do, and where you have to jump.  I think the most challenging thing about Spyro the Dragon are the times you have to jump onto a far-away platform, and many times you just BARELY make it.  Many times you will fall to your death.  Be patient, though.  The game NEVER messes with you by throwing in any impossible jumps.  Sometimes it's about finding *just* the right spot to jump and glide, and if you're off just a *little bit* you won't make it.  The creators of Spyro are smart not to make the game frustrating, seeing as how it's supposed to be a game for the entire family.  Good work.The biggest challenge comes at the very end of the game when you face the main boss.  He's really easy to beat, however, GETTING to him is a whole other story.  You see, right at the very end before you face him, you have to jump over a series of disappearing platforms and if you fall (and you WILL fall the first few times because it's hard) you will land in burning lava and have to do the whole stage over again.  Not that the stage is really that long anyway, but this is by FAR the hardest part of the game.  The other 99% of the game only offers a slight challenge here and there.With that said, don't be fooled into thinking the game will be a cakewalk because of all the easy obstacles found throughout World One.  It DOES get harder.  You see, many of the enemies you face in the later levels can only be defeated by either smacking them with your head, or shooting fire at them.  You won't know which of these tricks will be most effective on them until you face the enemy and experiment.  You also have to dodge fireballs, sword-swipes, dogs jumping at you, and tons of other enemy attacks WHILE you try to find the best way to defeat them.  So it's not pathetically easy after all.A minor complaint is that sometimes while you're walking or running, the path will suddenly end, and you'll fall to your death.  Doesn't happen often, but I thought it would be worth mentioning.I hate the way Spyro talks.  He sounds like a bratty teenage rebel with a nasally voice.  Not exactly what a dragons voice should sound like.  Also, when you rescue the dragons, sometimes they say important things you might want to pay attention to.  The problem here is that many times the important tips they say aren't really helpful because they say them right AFTER you've already had to do them!  For instance, in one case after you glide to a far-away platform and rescue a dragon, the dragon will tell you how to glide.  Obviously, since I needed to glide in order to rescue him, I already KNOW how to glide!  So I didn't NEED his help!  This happens a few times during the game.  You just want to scream "Thanks for nothing, bonehead!"The music was done by a member of the rock band the Police, Stewart Copeland.  People may not realize it, but certain themes in Spyro the Dragon are *very* close to some of the songs that made the Police such a legendary rock band.  Stewart Copeland may have intentionally created the music in this game to match that of the Police, specifically the songs "walking on the moon" and "message in a bottle".  You'll soon realize that the same guy who created the music in this game also played a big part in creating those Police songs.  The music in Spyro the Dragon is also very catchy and appropriate for the level you're in.  No complaints.  The music is fantastic.I think the creators made a mistake.  When you hit L2 the camera rotates clockwise, and R2 makes the camera rotate counter-clockwise.  It should be the other way around.  Another thing that needs reversed: the way Spyro flies in the bonus stages.  When you press up, you fly down.  When you press down, you fly up!  Strange mistake.  This makes it harder to complete the flying stages, however, you don't have to finish them.In fact, despite what people may tell you, you do *not* have to collect ALL the gems and ALL the dragons.  Finding and collecting all the gems and dragons will only give you a better percentage and open up a bonus stage at the end of the game.  The gameplay in Spyro the Dragon can actually be compared to Yoshi's Island- you don't have to find everything, but doing so will open up rewards and give you an overall better score.  The creators did a fantastic job hiding gems and dragons, increasing the challenge.  More often than not you will see a treasure chest or a dragon statue up high on a platform and not have a single clue how to reach it.  It's fun to run around and think about how to reach it.  Some of them are cleverly located.  One word to describe it- *awesome*Anyway, Spyro the Dragon is tons of fun and may possibly remind you of a 3D Donkey Kong Country, what with TNT barrels and the jungle levels you encounter later on.  Spyro is much better than that overrated Crash Bandicoot game, and you should pick up Spyro the Dragon today.prediction:4
reviewText:I'll recommend Spyro to anyone, fun enemies and worlds, and awesome concepts. Graphics aren't the best of course, but the gameplay is so addicting, collecting gems and freeing your fellow dragons. Must-have for a Playstation 1 collection.prediction:4
reviewText:Graphics: 10/10 - All the Spyro games have amazing graphics and this one is no exception. Fabulous, beautiful, eye-catching! Check `em out!Sound: 7/10 - Spyro's usual flapping wings, splashing water, swishing buck sound and great editing satisfy, even if the overall sound could've improved.Value: 7/10 - Fun to play at the time but you won't go back to Spyro to go and play it again and again too many times. But it looks great and is still entertaining so it's worth the money.Overall: 9/10 - This blew me away with its creativity and amazing graphics. The ultimate original 3D platform game! If you liked this I recommend the Crash Bandicoot games and the sequels to Spyro the Dragon which are even better than this tasty candy.prediction:4
reviewText:I used to play this game as a kid, but my copy got ruined and i've wanted a new one ever since. I bought this one and could not be more pleased with it. works great, and a nice reminder of some of the fun I had when i was younger.prediction:4
reviewText:Do not be fooled by the fact that dragons are more suited to little kids and that the game appears like a cartoon. This is a very fun game in which an evil creature called Gnasty Gnorc scatters gems all over the dragon world, turns some into his minions, lets blue thieves into the dragon world to steal their precious dragon eggs, and encases all the dragons in crystal. He missed Spyro, so it's his job to turn the dragon world the way it was. The graphics are colorful and the sound and music are also nice, and as for replay value, it has a fairly good amount. If there is one thing to complain about, it is the difficulty level. The enemies don't put up too much of a threat, and finding gems and dragons is usually fairly easy, and even the bosses are pretty easy to toast. But it can prove quite a challenge to some people, and may include some testing with some things. But besides these two facts, Spyro the Dragon is a nice, colorful game that is well worth the money.prediction:4
reviewText:This game offers unique play. It has a pretty good storyline that keeps your attention, but the stealth required to play the game makes it a keeper. Unlike Metal Gear, you actually loose points by being spotted, even if you make it through the mission successfully. You can opt to go through the mission again for a higher score, or you can go on to the next mission. I liked that aspect the most because the second time around (knowing where everyone is hiding and waiting for you) you get to get the drop on them! Cool beans.prediction:4
reviewText:I was brought into the Tenchu series with Wrath of Heaven (not a great place to start...), but after renting and eventualy buying the third Tenchu instalment, I made it a point to track down the originals. I'm writing this review in 2005, a time of Metal Gear Solids, online Splinter Cells, and innovative Hitman games. Yet this title, released in 1998, still impresses, and is well worth effort of tracking it down and buying. Some things a buyer needs to heed however is the lack of analog control. For gamers raised on analog controllers, this game may be a little hard to manage at first. Also, the game, which emphisises stealth and patience is not without a frustrating moment or two, as the camera can be troublesome in places, and there is no in game save feature (try spending 2 hours working to get a good rank on a level, only to be killed by the level's extremely difficult boss, and be sent back to the begining...). All together, the game features an impressive aray of Ninja weapons and items, decient replay value, two playable characters and a good story that sets the stage for several sequels. While it may feel simplistic to gamers hardened on newer stealth titles, and the graphics may not feel as polished, Stealth Assassins is a difficult chalenge and rewarding experience for anyone willing to overlook some simple flaws, and who possesses a good deal of patience. I highly recomend it.prediction:4
reviewText:The series of Resident Evil continues with its sequel Resident Evil 2 on PlayStation released in 1998 and developed by Capcom once again. It takes place in Raccoon City which is the closest residence of the mansion from the first game. This time, the entire city has been transformed into zombies from the outbreak of the T-virus created by Umbrella. You get to play as two characters: Leon S. Kennedy (disc one) who is a Raccoon City Police Officer on his first day of the job and Claire Redfield (disc two) who came into town to search for her missing brother Chris Redfield who was one of the main characters in the first Resident Evil game. Both characters get their own set of weapons and storylines, but it doesn&#8217;t matter what order you play them in.The gameplay features the same basic principles as the first game. You have to solve puzzles, use a limited supply of ammunition, herbs to heal wounds, carry only eight items, and use typewriters to save. It&#8217;s nice they stuck with the original format of the first game and I wish every Resident Evil game in the series was like this.You get some new weapons such as a bowgun, sub machine gun, spark gun and upgrades to Leon&#8217;s handgun, shotgun and magnum. The aiming feels more comfortable and you always seem to be in control of where you shoot. One downside is that auto aim isn&#8217;t set by default. When you start the game, you have to press &#8216;Select&#8217; to get to the options, select the controller settings and set the mode to &#8216;Type C&#8217; to turn the auto aim feature on. A nice new addition is that the character&#8217;s current health can be determined by their posture and movement speed. This makes it easier to tell what condition your player is in and you don&#8217;t have to go to the inventory screen to find out how much health you have like with the first game. The Item Boxes are back where you can store items you don&#8217;t need and pick up later, but a new item you can retrieve is the &#8216;Side Pack&#8217; which will allow you to carry two more items increasing your total to ten. Both Leon and Claire are joined by a support partner throughout the story. Leon is aided by a woman named Ada Wong who is searching for her boyfriend. Claire is aided by a 12 year old girl named Sherry who was told to go to the police station because of the dangers in Raccoon City. But even the police station is infested with zombies and bio weapons. The enemies in this game are really memorable; there are the lickers who are just terrifying and powerful, especially later in the game. Then there&#8217;s Mr. X who is like the Terminator, he always comes back to hunt you down.The most innovative feature in this game is that there are different scenarios in this game. Say you play as Leon and complete the game as him; well you can then play as Claire in that same scenario to find out the true ending. And you can&#8217;t play Claire&#8217;s second scenario by popping in the second disc for the first time to play as her, you have to unlock it first. So in total, there are four possible scenarios in this game.Another innovative feature is that you get a ranking based on the total amount of time it took to complete a scenario, the number of saves and healing items you use. If you do well, you can unlock some goodies such as infinite ammo for a sub machine gun, gatling gun, rocket launcher, unlock special outfits and three new mini games. The first mini game, you play as Hunk, whose mission is to escape the Raccoon City Police Department with the latest G-Virus created by Umbrella. The second mode is known as &#8220;Extreme Battle&#8221; in which you play through the entire map of the game and you have to locate four special bombs to destroy the T-Virus in Umbrella&#8217;s Lab before it can cause a lot of damage. You get to play as four characters: Leon, Claire, Ada and Claire&#8217;s brother Chris. Each has their own set of weapons and you can adjust a difficulty setting to fight stronger monsters including bosses from the regular game. The third and final game mode is called &#8220;Tofu&#8221; and it is the strangest mini game I have ever seen. You play as this giant block of Tofu (Yes, I am dead serious, a giant piece of Tofu) and in terms of the objective it&#8217;s the same as Hunk&#8217;s mission except you play as Tofu, who is only equipped with a combat knife, so it makes this mini game very difficult to complete. I&#8217;ve completed the mode as Hunk, but never as Tofu. The good news however is that Tofu takes a lot of hits to kill so basically the only way to complete this game is to run. Don&#8217;t even bother fighting the enemies, the knife in Resident Evil 2 is just extremely weak and isn&#8217;t worth the time. Still this mode is worth playing just for the amusement factor because Tofu says some funny Japanese phrases whenever he gets hurt. It&#8217;s funny, even though I can&#8217;t understand it. It is also pretty difficult to unlock, you have to get an A ranking at least six times to play this mini game. For the Extreme Battle and Hunk, you only need two A rankings.One thing I didn&#8217;t mention yet is that the music is really awesome. It has orchestral themes and even opera themes and it fits the game very well. There were many different versions of this game. There was an updated version on PlayStation called Resident Evil 2: Dual Shock Edition which is the same as the regular game except it supports the PlayStation&#8217;s DualShock controller&#8217;s analog stick and vibration function. The Extreme Battle Mode I mentioned is exclusive only to the Dual Shock Edition. There&#8217;s also a &#8220;Rookie&#8221; mode which gives the player a Machine Gun with infinite ammo at the start of the game, but you can&#8217;t unlock the other mini games playing this difficulty even if you get an A ranking, you have to play Normal mode to unlock them. Another cool thing about the Dual Shock Version is you can use a cheat code to give yourself unlimited ammo. You just go to the control settings, hold R1 and press square repeatedly until the icon turns red. This version was later released on the PlayStation Store as a PS One Classic on the PlayStation 3.There were also ports on the PC and Dreamcast with slightly better graphics, higher frame rate and an art gallery. There was even a port on the Game com. It was a s***ty 2D black and white handheld console by Tiger. That port is just pathetic; I&#8217;m not even going to discuss it. The best port however is the Nintendo 64 version. The sound on the Nintendo 64 version is better than the PlayStation&#8217;s version, it has updated graphics, new costumes, a setting to adjust the violence and blood color, a more responsive aiming control scheme, new files, cheat codes to give you infinite health and ammo and the most interesting feature of all is a randomizer to place items differently during each playthrough so it definitely has more variety. The only thing it&#8217;s missing is the Extreme Battle mini game. But this port is equally as good as the PlayStation&#8217;s version.Any criticisms I have with this game? Well it&#8217;s hard for me to think of things I don&#8217;t like about this game, I guess a minor criticism is that you can&#8217;t skip the in game cut scenes, you couldn&#8217;t do that in the first game and it&#8217;s a minor annoyance when you already played the game a million times like I did and just want to get through the game. The problem most people have with this game is the beginning. You start the game surrounded by about ten zombies with a slow handgun. The first time playing, you only have a few seconds to figure out the controls until the zombie&#8217;s corner and kill you. It definitely sounds like a terrible idea to start next to the zombies. My strategy is to just run away. Hold square, press up on the d-pad to run and use up-left and up-right to get around the enemies. Once you figure that out, it isn&#8217;t too hard to get past the zombies and give yourself some breathing room. It did take me a while to figure out the controls but I&#8217;ve mastered it and you can too. The voice acting in this game is much better than the first Resident Evil, but still nothing too special. That&#8217;s about all the criticisms I can think of.When I was a kid, I used to play the s*** out of this game and in my opinion; this is undeniably not only the best Resident Evil game, but the best survival horror game and one of the best PlayStation games I have ever played. This game still manages to be very scary, if you&#8217;re playing this for the first time, you are guaranteed to be so scared; your heart will burst out your chest. Trust me; I had my jumps even to this day. It&#8217;s more fun playing this game alone in your room in the dark, with the volume turned up. This makes for a terrifying and memorable experience. I absolutely love this game, it&#8217;s just a masterpiece. I&#8217;d recommend getting the version from the PlayStation Store to play on the PS3 for only $6, or the regular PlayStation version or the Nintendo 64 version. Those are the best options. The replay value is very high for me and I could play this game at any time. You will admire this game and it&#8217;s by far the best in the entire series.prediction:4
reviewText:Few games have endured in my collection like Resident Evil 2. The graphics are old, dated, and painful in the year 2011 where Dead Island and Dead Rising 2 are the dominant Zombie games. But it looks well enough to play for days and months on end. The gameplay is clunky and clumsy, but it is a horror game designed to make you feel inadequate and somewhat unprepared for the adventure you are thrown into. The story is Sci-Fi Originals bad and in hard to understand, but that was what they were going for.Honestly, everything about the game should not work. It does alot wrong, but it does MORE right. Yes, it all meshes together into a really good game. Yes, in a few years it will be a painful to play as, say, Pitfall for the Atari, but even when it is thriteen years old it is still F-U-N to play.I played it non-stop when I had my PS1, continued to play it with my PS2, and even now, after I got an Xbox 360 and play other games, I still plug up my PS2 and play some RE2 once and awhile. Yes, I can see the blocky graphics, bad audio, and ect, but I LOVE this game. It's my favorite of all time. I can give you a detailed walkthrough RIGHT NOW for every scenario in the game.Get this game if you Love Killing Zombies. Get it if you love puzzles. Get it if you love guns. Get this game period.prediction:4
reviewText:It doesn't get much better than Crash!!  I love all his games!  note to those ps2 UNsavvy people as myself... this will play on ps2 but you CANNOT save!!  You can write down all the little shapes they give you to save but be careful... one mistake and you loose your game! This was irritating.  So... I got out my old PS1... Memory cards from ps2 are NOT compatible with PS1... so I ordered a PS1 from ever reliable Amazon and all is good now in Crash bandicoot world.  People who live and breath Playstation... stop rolling your eyes at me and saying "duh".  This is just a hobby.  Live and learn!  Happy gaming!prediction:4
reviewText:Crash Bandicoot's my favorite video game character and all his work is genius.  I'm looking forward to his latest video game installment, Crash Tag Team Racing.  The game's graphics are good, the gameplay itself sounds amuzing, and the trailer (on GameSpot) prove how visually stunning it's going to be too.  But, Crash's humble beginning is not the same as Mario and Sonic's were.  It was much better, more creative, and bigger.Mario's was just an arcade game.  It was hard, but it didn't take to long to master it, and I don't even know if there was a boss.  Sonic's debut was better then Mario's.  A game you could play without spending money, good levels, challenging, better bosses, and a special ending you could view if you collected all the items necessary.  But, these debuts lacked what Crash's had.  Most challenging, best bosses, better secret ending, and most of all, a 3-D world to play in.Crash's world is not fully 3-D in this game (in fact up till Crash Twinsanity, none of them have been), but it is very good as far as it goes.  The VIRTUAL world looks like the REAL world.  That's one of the game's strongest points.  The controls are very solid and Crash responds amazingly well to your commands.  This spoiled me.  I'd play a Crash game and then go play something else with looser controls and be upset by the lack of response.  I became versatile after a while though.  Crash lacks moves in this game, but he has more then Sonic and/or Mario had in their debut games.  Crash has 3, Mario and Soinc only had 1.  Crash's moves are running, jumping, and spinning.  The spinnig move is an extremely creative thing.  To make up for Sonic's spin, Naughty Dog brought out the bigger and better guns.  Crash's spin is much easier to control and is much more effective.  It also doesn't threaten you in a strange, almost indescribable way.  Sonic's spin reqired that you dash in the direction that you were facing before you started spinning.  Sega called this the spin dash.  This could throw you to your death.  Not Crash's.  Crash could move or stay still when spinning.  Note: Soinc didn't have the spin dash in his debut game.  Mario and Sonic's jumping, I'll admit, was better.  They were tighter then Crash.  Their direction could be changed much, much easier then Crash when jumping.  Crash jumps higher though.  Crash runs kind of slow, especially when you need to get something done. But he's slower in Crash Twinsanity.  Crash's camera control is hardly ever a problem.  Every once in a while you'll have to strain your eye a little, but it's still a better camera then Soinc's.  Mario's is best out of all, though, 'cause you could see the entire level all at once.As for the other features of the game, they're pretty outstanding.  The levels are big and challenging.  There's also secret levels in Crash.  I've never seen anything like that in Sonic 1 or Donkey Kong, have you?  No, I didn't think so.  Crash's biggest flaw is the saving system.  In the game, you must collect 3 tokens of Crash's girfriend's head (hidden in the level) to get to a bonus area.  You must get to the end of the Tawna (Crash's girlfriend's name is Tawna) Bonus Round, touch Tawna (who's just standing there), and then exit the Tawna Bonus Round via a warp pad in order to save.  If you don't do exactly what I said had to be done in order to save, you don't get to save. Not fair at all.  But, it's still better then Sonic 1 or Donkey Kong, 'cause you can't save at all in those games.  There are also two other kinds of bonus rounds in the game, The Cortex (main bad guy of the game) Bonus Rounds and the Brio (Cortex's right-hand man) Bonus Rounds.  You can't save in these bonus rounds, even if you get to the end of them without falling off the platforms.  Oh and get this, there aren't Tawna Bonus Rounds in all the levels, so you don't have a chance to save if your parents tell you to get off and you're in a level like Hog Wild where there's no bonus rounds.  Big flaw.  The 2nd biggest flaw is the way you have to collect gems.  In the game you must collect 32 (I think; don't quote me on that number, because I'm not sure) gems in order to see the secret ending.  However, it's a little too hard to collect them all.  I understand most people think the game's not hard enough, but I think it's a little too hard.  To collect a gem, you must destroy every single crate in a level and get to the end without losing a life.  I'm all for destroying every crate, but I think you should be able to lose a life and still get the gem.  It should only matter if you destroy all the boxes.So, if you're wanting to compare Mario and Sonic to Crash, I'd say Crash all the way.  And, as you can see, if you're reading this, Crash's 1st game was much better then Mario and Sonic's.  I say Crash is best, no matter what anyone else tells me.prediction:4
reviewText:Let&#8217;s go back in time to one of my favorite PlayStation icons: Crash Bandicoot. For those who don&#8217;t know, Crash Bandicoot is a fictional Eastern Barred Bandicoot who was genetically enhanced by the evil Doctor Neo Cortex who then escaped and set out to stop the evil scientist and his plans. Crash would appear in many games, but the ones I hold dear are the original three on the first PlayStation: Crash Bandicoot, Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back and Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped. With that said, let&#8217;s take a look at the first one in the series.The first Crash Bandicoot game was released way back in 1996 with Naughty Dog developing the game, Sony Computer Entertainment publishing it and Universal Interactive Studios being the distributors. It was a PlayStation exclusive, but would eventually get re-released as a PS One Classic on the PlayStation Store to be played on the PlayStation 3. The game is definitely kid friendly and appropriate for all ages, Crash Bandicoot is basically a Mario ripoff but a very good one none the less who came up with several original ideas. The story goes that Crash Bandicoot was created by Doctor Neo Cortex and his henchmen Doctor Nitrus Brio. Crash escapes the experiments but leaves his girlfriend Tawna in the process and Crash is swept up to an island and sets out to go rescue her and stop the villains. What&#8217;s weird is that this is the only Crash Bandicoot game on the PlayStation in which Tawna appears in, I don&#8217;t know why though, it&#8217;s definitely unusual. But nonetheless, let&#8217;s continue with the game.The first thing that stands out are the graphics, the graphics for 1996 looked fantastic, they were even better than Super Mario 64 on Nintendo 64 which was released a month later. It definitely gets an A+ for presentation. The game was a huge hit and was the first non-Japanese game to achieve commercial success in the country. Now, let&#8217;s discuss the actual gameplay.The game is nonetheless a platformer in which you control Crash Bandicoot across three islands to defeat Doctor Cortex and rescue your girlfriend. The game is split into levels with one basic goal: get to the end without dying. You start out with four lives and its one hit deaths from being touched by enemies or falling into water or a pit. Yeah, it&#8217;s weird how water kills Crash even though he fell in the water at the introduction and was floating away to one of the islands and survived. Why is it that these characters who are very athletic can&#8217;t figure out how to swim? I hate games that do this because when you see water, you&#8217;re never sure if the game will allow you to swim. It&#8217;s stupid and what&#8217;s weird is that in the third game Crash does swim underwater with scuba gear. So really the game is a huge contradiction of itself.You can get more one ups by finding them across levels or collecting 100 apples which are basically the coins of Super Mario Bros, but the apples are everywhere in this game so it&#8217;s really easy to get a one up, you could literally get at least three lives per level. Attack moves include jumping in the air and landing on an enemy or using a spin move in a tornado fashion to knock enemies off-screen, I like that, even if it&#8217;s a rip-off of Super Mario World. You also find this Mask that helps you on your journey, if you find it, it gives you an extra hit point, but you don&#8217;t actually wear the mask it just follows you. If you get three masks without losing one, you turn invincible for a brief time much like the Starman&#8217;s in Super Mario Bros.The boxes are also a rip-off of Super Mario Bros. in which they have question marks on them and you have to destroy the boxes to gain prizes. But not all boxes are the same, there are boxes without question marks, arrow boxes that propel you in the air, boxes with exclamation marks which makes boxes appear out of nowhere, checkpoint boxes that act as a save spot for the level and TNT boxes which explode after three seconds when you jump on them, whatever you do, don&#8217;t spin attack them because they will immediately explode.A strange feature in these boxes is that you can get Tawna tokens that act as a bonus level so you can get some extra fruit and one ups. What&#8217;s weird is that Tawna is in this level but she doesn&#8217;t let you rescue her for some odd reason, but what&#8217;s even stranger is that completing the bonus level is the only way to save the game or get a password. I don&#8217;t understand why early PlayStation games didn&#8217;t allow you to save anytime you want. Every video game that can support a memory card should do that, I hate writing down passwords so I can continue. But the password is only eight digits and the main buttons on the PlayStation controller act as the characters so it&#8217;s at least not a long and annoying password.If you complete an entire level without losing a life and manage to destroy all the boxes, you&#8217;ll get rewarded with a gem, this was a flaw with the game because it makes the game way too damn hard and every future Crash Bandicoot game let you get the gem even if you die as long as you break all the crates. Some gems can act as platforms to help you get across areas that are impossible to reach, much like the vine in Super Mario Bros.Now while this game has some flaws, it&#8217;s still a good game overall, it&#8217;s not as good as the second and third game, but it&#8217;s definitely fun and enjoyable. The creativity is good, has a good challenge and the graphics are fantastic. If you have a PlayStation Network account, give this game a chance, it&#8217;s only $6 on the PlayStation Store so it&#8217;s not expensive or anything. It&#8217;s definitely a classic.FINAL RATING:  8 out of 10prediction:4
reviewText:I have never managed to beat the game, can't imagine how some people claim to do so in 5 hours.  My 5 year old has finally figured out how to play these games on the playstation.  She was getting frustrated with Crash, until I found the code that allows you to go to any level and play.  Plus if you go to the Castle Machinery level first, you get 20 some free lives and then can go where you want.  Find the password screen and punch in: T(triangle),T,T,T,X,S(square),T,T,T,T,S,X,T,O,T,T,T,O,S,T,X,X,X,X. Maybe it is cheating, but for us folks that have a hard time beating the game, it makes playing it more fun!prediction:4
reviewText:Crash's 1st game (as I reviewed) is my favortie debut game, but his sequel blows me away.  There's one reviewer who says this is an improvement on the original with some sassy style.  They're %100 correct.  The game's best improvements and worst flaws are all I will list, because you already know where I stand if you've read my review on the 1st game (and go check it out if you haven't).Best Improvement: Saving System.  This allows you to save at anytime, so you're not going to have to get off (becuase your parents said so, of course) without saving all your hard and handy work and having to have to do it all over again.2nd Best Improvement: You have 5 levels to choose from at anytime.  You don't have to go in order.3rd Best Improvement: More moves.  Crash is looking good with all his new stunts.4th Best Improvement: Vehicles.  Crash gets to drive some neato vehicles, including my favorite, the jet pack.5th Best Improvement: Greater and better bosses, (including N. Gin).6th Best Improvement: Bigger, Better, and More secret levels.7th Best: New characters.  I'm lovin' the new addition of characters, including Coco Bandicoot, Crash's sister (whom I think should've been in the 1st game).8th Best Improvement: It's easier to collect gems, and there's a new addition, crystals.Worst Flaw: Well, it would be nice if Tawna hadn't suddenly disappeared.  I think she should've been crucial to the entrtie series, not just the 1st game.2nd Worst Flaw: You can't revisit bosses without a secret code.  You should be able to revisit bosses without having to have to look for secret codes to do so.So, those are all the improvements and flaws.  As you can see, better the the 1st game, by far.prediction:4
reviewText:Graphics: 8/10 - Really neat little things you might not notice. Sometimes a little too computerized, but still eye-catching.Sound: 8/10 - Very much improved from the first Crash Bandicoot. When things hit the ground, they make a bang, when creatures talk it's amazingly clear and when you're in danger, you certainly know by the sound a creature is making, the rumbling of the ground or the thrilling score.Value: 10/10 - This is one game you will start repeatedly and still have the same enjoyment level every time you play.Overall: 9/10 - A big improvement from the great first game. Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back has it all - story, characters, levels and fantastically constructed colouring and visuals.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is great. It has so many improvements as opposed to the first game. In this game you can high jump, crawl, slide, ride on a jetboat, and fly with a jetpack! It's a huge adventure starring... the Bandicoot! The main challenge of the game is to get 100 percent by collecting gems and crystals. The level isn't officially complete until you get the crystal. Oh, and you are gonna need a memory card because this game is fairly big. Unless you're a really hardcore game, then you won't need it, but... it's recommended. In conclusion, this is a fantastic game, and if you love this, make sure you get Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped!prediction:4
reviewText:Crash goes along a little faster in a good way.  Not as slow to start out as one.  It also has the same fun characters, the same fun box smashing and running.  Lots of fun, great for kids and adults, a super fun game for the whole family.Later in installments Crash changed.  There was CTR or Crash Team Racing which is fun if you like racing, and even if you don't....but it's not about finding boxes and getting through areas like the originals.  Later there is one where you and a friend can play at once (Titans I think) and  it's my very least favorite. There is also Crash Bash (LOVE THAT ONE, so fun, super for family time! But not the same 'story line' type as the early ones.This one is just more of what you loved about Crash Bandicoot the first.Super fun for the whole family, will keep your kids busy and entertained for hours and hours. TOTALLY replayable, can last for years if you love Crash.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is a lot of fun! The environments are adorable and the gameplay is a lot of fun. There is quite a bit of stuff to do and the game is kind of challenging. My only problem is the movement is a little goofy feeling at first, but you will get used to it.prediction:4
reviewText:I think this game is more than most of the review make it out to be. This game is SUPPOSED to be challenging, and it is not as frustrating as most think. It's actually really adorable, and has a good setting with cute characters. The camera mode you do have to fiddle with though. But you do get used to it. I was definately hooked on this game, cute, challenging, and fun. 5 stars all the way!prediction:4
reviewText:I played Croc 2 more often, but I did play Croc: Legend of the Gobbos when I was young.  These games were so fun, as well as difficult (I never managed to get 100% completion on either of them).  The controls are a bit stiff, but this did release in 1997, so that should be expected.  The game is quite difficult and the story itself is quite simple, but the game is fun nonetheless, and for me it's a pretty timeless classic, that I am happy to add to my collection of childhood memories and video games.  Definitely worth the money.prediction:4
reviewText:I can't say anything about DOOM that has already been said only complainant is due to the fact that it's on a console it had to cut out levels & parts of levels out. It's of course a FPS it basically made the 1st person shooters popular cause like every other game now is a d@*&ntilde; FPS. But in DOOM you have to solve puzzles find key cards it just wasn't about running & gunning. It's got a simple but effective story in space scientist are experimenting with portals the Demons from h** come through & all h** breaks loose. eventually the Demons come to Earth & you have to stop the invasion. I can't do the game justice but yes if you never have played DOOM it's a great game & you go to war with your 9MM shotgun double barrel shotgun rotary cannon rocket launcher plasma rifle & the Big F**ing Gun!prediction:4
reviewText:I have been playing video games since pong (the 70's) and I have change with the time (bought a new system every year they come out)and love some of the new play station games but it's good to have some old favorites!! When I bought VOl 3 (just for Mrs. Pac-man)it was like WOW I forgot about pole position (ya nothing like nascar 2002), but that use to be my favorite when I was a kid & still is!! Funny thing is when I was 8yrs old I could never get past the 2nd screen in Galaxian Now 22 years later of playing video games, I still can't get past the 2nd screen even though I master Sypro (a 2000 game) in 2 days.I have to admit druaga & phozon were never favorites when I was kid but there hoot to play now just seeing those out of date graphics, yep the graphic may be pathetic & game idea may seem simple but they are still challenging and a good reminder of what the good old days of video games were like.prediction:4
reviewText:When you ask someone why the Sega Saturn failed and why the Sony Playstation succeeded, most people knowledgeable on the subject don't have a great reason. The best answer I've come up with is that Sony Playstation had some smash hits that the Saturn did not have. Games like Tomb Raider, Twisted Metal, and Final Fantasy VII were mega-hits that Saturn did not have an answer for. One game came very early into the Playstation library and was deemed an instant classic by gamers and critics alike, and that game is the first Resident Evil game, the first true hit for the Sony Playstation.Released by Capcom in early 1996, Resident Evil was unlike any game we had ever seen at the time. With an opening title screen that explodes in blood and symbolizes terror, Resident Evil is a game that truly doesn't reveal itself right away. You have the opening story cinema scenes that vaguely explain your elite police officers' reason for venturing out into strange territory in search of your teammates. One of your teammates is killed during the investigation of the crashed helicopter by a strange canine beast of sorts, so the actors run for shelter in a spooky looking mansion.I won't rehash everything about the game, but I believe it is important to try and recapture the feeling of the first time playing the game. It's pretty difficult to describe. The music is perfectly eery and sets the tone grandly with stringed arrangements you would hear in a suspenseful terror film. You walk around trying to find clues about what is going on in this strange mansion. Bizarre zombie creatures roam around desperately seeking to sink their teeth into your fresh blood, you try and find better guns to deal with these creatures, and you also try and find the keys to unlock the doors without knowing what terror lurks on the other side. On top of that, the seemingly haunted mansion has traps and strange puzzles that must be solved in order to continue finding your way closer to the end of the game, almost like a spooky mansion in a murder mystery. Horribly mutated dogs crash through windows when you least expect it, and the ammunition in the game is in a very limited supply, so you are forced to make snap decisions whether to stand and fight or run for safety. Scattered throughout the game are personal correspondence, diaries, and logs that reading will give you a clue to the ultimate mystery surrounding what the hell is going on.Before this game, the story regarding Umbrella didn't exist. Ironically, this kind of makes the game more mysterious. In other games, we already know about the Umbrella corporation's role in the story, so this game is a unique experience of unraveling the truth. On top of that, this game takes place in the Spencer Estate Mansion, which is the perfect terrifying setting for this unique gaming experience. There's nothing wrong with the second and third games taking place in a Precinct, but a haunted mansion crawling with the undead is just perfect.Chris and Jill are the playable characters, both with their strengths and weaknesses. Honestly, Jill's game is much easier. She gets the bazooka, which Chris does not, and is given the lockpick at the start of the game in place of having to find the Sword Key. Jill also has 8 inventory slots to Chris' paltry six, and because Chris has no lockpick, he has to find small keys to open the locked drawers for ammunition. Having a small key clogging one of Chris' six inventory slots is quite a nuissance, especially since Jill does not even have to bother wasting one of her eight inventory slots with the lockpick. Finally, the obvious reason for Jill's easier game is in her companion, Barry Burton. Barry is very helpful and will heal Jill from a giant poisonous snake, give her acid rounds for the bazooka, help her to get the shotgun and will even torch the massive Plant 42 for her, while Chris is forced to rely on the inexperienced Rebecca to learn to play piano, find serum for him, and mix up a potion to injure Plant 42. There are ways to alter Rebecca's actions to make her a bit more useful, but in the end her assistance is not as valuable as Barry's.Today, the polygon graphics that were so compelling during this age of gaming do look substantially dated, and the voice acting, which was considered atrocious even when the game was new, is laughably absurd. But who couldn't use a laugh after the horrors and suspense of playing this game?We all know the storyline of the game, and most of us remember all the thrilling moments to the point where they have lost their sharpness over the years. But take yourself back in time for a minute and try to remember what this game felt like to you the very first time you played it when you were much younger, and games were much different. This game felt like nothing we had ever played, and no gaming experience was even close to what we got from the playing the original Resident Evil. Back then, there was still alot of social debate whenever a game came around that featured a significant amount of violence, yet Resident Evil was so unique in that it literally felt like being trapped in a scary zombie movie. There wasn't much debate surrounding the gratuitous amount of gore like there was with other games (Mortal Kombat), and instead gamers and critics were unified in their praise of the game's excellent and unique gameplay and experience.Gamecube would later revamp the game with updated graphics, better voice acting, and many new thrilling surprises, but you just can't beat that feeling you got when you first popped in this game not knowing what to expect. This game has one of the greatest legacies, and is every bit deserving of all the accolades accumulated since.prediction:4
reviewText:Well here's the lowdown, the twisted fighting, plot, and cars are back in this hit sequel to the best selling series Twisted Metal. TM2 brings you back into the Twisted Metal Competition. But this time, it's a one way trip 'round the world. Battle in L.A. to Hong Kong and leave a trail of destruction behind you. TM2 introduces a few new characters into the fray: Twister, Grasshopper, Shadow, Axel, and Mr. Slam. Duke it out with a wide variety of old favorited weapons to new and improved weapons like the napalm, remote detonator, and the ricochet bomb. Beat all your opponents and you might get a chance to have an audience with Calypso, the twisted creator of the Twisted Metal Competition, and have your wishes fullfilled.Bottom Line: An awesome sequel to an already awesome gameprediction:4
reviewText:Gameplay: You play Fox McCloud, a fighter pilot for Starfox, and you're at war with the forces of the evil Andross. It's more or less a rail shooter, but there's some free-roaming flight to be had at various points through the game. One of the best features of Starfox is that progression is non-linear. Your actions in each mission directly affect how you proceed through the game. For instance, if you defuse the bomb on one level, you go one route. If you fail, you end up playing a different level.Graphics: You have to be a little forgiving of Starfox in this area. It's a fairly early N64 game. In the grand scheme of N64 graphical quality, Starfox 64 is probably somewhere near the bottom. But if you're turning down the new 3DS Starfox in favor of the old school one released fifteen years ago, chances are you won't care about that.Sound: The music is pretty good, as is the voice-acting. Although it lacks the polish and natural feel of some later N64 games with voice-acting, Starfox 64 still has one of the best uses of voice-acting on the system. Flying through space shooting aliens and talking on a radio to your teammates go hand in hand.There's still a lot of fun to be had with Starfox, even after all this time. I rented it and progressed most of the ways you could progress back in the day, and I'm glad to own it for the system now.prediction:4
reviewText:How could you not love this game, the animals talk!  There are so many great lines from this game that I don't really care about anythingelse except being able to hear "don't party just yet, time to try our new weapon."  I just love this game, it can be as hard as you want it to be so stop saying it's easy.  Anyways, this game was put out 8 years ago and still every once and a while I decide to play this and I love it, cuase it has the talking animals on it.  I'm going to repeat this TALKING ANIMALS!  Slippy gets on my nerves though I just kill him becuase he always gets some guy on his ass and keeps bleating "get this guy off my fox!"  I wanna crack his skull everytime he says that it pisses me off.  Then theres that stupid chick that knows Falco (the bad ass of course) and she is annoying, I wish I could kill her becuase when you go to the Z zone she steals your kills so you can't get the freaking medal I HATE HER!  It is so annoying that she steals your kills!  Oh that has to be the worst part of the game, it's woefully madening.  Also to not are the apes who try to kill you, though they make the noble animal of the ape villanious they still have memoriable lines like "ANDROSS I'VE FAILED YOU!!!"  Then there is team wolf, they are tottaly bad!  They are pretty hard to kill on the other side of venom but like I said if you got the skills you may one day beat them (and you say this game is too easy!  OH MY GOSH!).  Anyways I do like the bunny guy what's his name?  I forgot but he's like "Your the best Slippy." and that makes me want to cry becuase they are always so hard on Slippy!  I love it that they actually give him love in Aquos cuase I've heard the stories, poor Slippy.  Anyways Fox is a stud of course, damn he is looking good!  He works hard of course, cuase I'm controlling him.  Anyways the best characters are the bosses cuase they say stuff to you that's funny like that one boss "admits defeat" but then comes back after you cuase he was lying, what did you think you'd get off that easy!  HECK NO!  Anyways I hope you love this game as much as I do, becuase I say those lines everyday before I go to sleep, cause it bring hope.  Especially when the Bunny guy affectionatly tells Fox "your becoming more like your father." Fox's father was a pimp too!  That's the ultimate compliment in the Lylat system!  I'm sure Fox shed a tear when he heard that from his bunny partner.  I'm out, only a loser doesn't like this game cuase he is a nerd with no sense of humor who wants to play a "real" flight simulator.  YEAH!prediction:4
reviewText:Even a decade down the line, this is a great game. The original Star Fox on SNES used a ground-breaking chip to create rudimentary 3D graphics. The N64 version took that and essentially upgraded it, giving the graphics an overhaul and tossing in a few new gameplay enhancements. This was one of the first games on the N64 to feature large amounts of speech, and also the first to use the rumble pak.You are Fox McCloud, leader of the Star Fox mercenary team. You blast through levels shooting up everything in sight, and blowing up massive bosses. The game uses a branching system, where out of the 15 possible levels you will explore a total of 7 in any given play-through. So each play-through is short, but there is replay value in going back and unlocking the alternate paths. And the action is so fast and intense that you'll be coming back multiple times anyway.There was never really a Star Fox game for Gamecube to top this one, so Star Fox 64 still remains a favourite. Proof that great gameplay can outlast aging graphics. A must-own for any N64 collection.prediction:4
reviewText:The original Mario Party is a must, as previous mentioned in the title, for any retro gamer and collector of classics. Those of you who have played Mario Party 8 or 9 for the Wii can now see the humble beginnings of this popular series of hit family games.Unlike Mario Party 8, there is a somewhat more interesting storyline where the six most famous characters of the Mushroom Kingdom (Mario, Luigi, Peach, Yoshi, DK, and Wario) are arguing over who could be the Super Star. After a rather amusing argument sequence, the six are placated by Toad to play a variety of games in order to achieve good deeds and become the Super Star.When held in comparison of the boards of Mario Party 8 and 9 for the Wii, the boards of Mario Party 1 are still holding up well. Naturally, the graphics are incredibly dated, but the design is a tad more intricate and focuses on gameplay instead of the visual style. The rules are the same for each board also:- You and three other players move around the board in a predetermined amount of turns- Play addictive and fun mini-games- Collect coins and (hopefully) a star or two- Try not to run into Bowser who will cause nothing more but trouble and steal your money or stars- And after each amount of turns play out, you get a cool little cinema of victory if you win.While I consider Mario Party 8 visually better and more entertaining, this game is still a classic and not just because it started the Mario Party craze. I love this game because the music is very cool compared to the strange pieces played in 8 and the controls are much more easier to use than the erratic unpredictability of the Wii-Remotes. All in all, a solid purchase.prediction:4
reviewText:I Got This Game In Excellent Condition In June Of 2003, But I Have Loved It Since It Came Out In America On February 8, 1999. I Recommend Buying It Without EVER Renting It! There Are A Couple Of Mini-Games that are not good for your controller and can blister your hand. they involve spinning the Control Stick. and you have to do so vigorously otherwise you'll lose. I Have all eight games. I'm nealy 21 years old and I Love Mario Party!prediction:4
reviewText:To sum it up, Sony didn't do that great of a job trying to find a way onto the ever growing RPG scene on the Playstation.  It lacks a strong story, mostly.  You run around reviving Genesis Trees to remove the evil mist that has transformed kind creatures to evil little monsters.  That's right an evil mist is your enemy.  I as much a believer in the etherial realm of evil as most people but come on.  You don't actually expect me to fight mist.  They try to tack on a final boss but he seems oddly removed from the evil from the mist so his presence makes little sense.  The battles, though the engine is innovative, are much to long.  A battle can last anywhere from 3 minutes to almost an hour.  The main reason that the battles are so time consuming is because of the lengthy entering of the combat combos that your character uses.  The game just stops being fun when you have been in the same dungeon for two hours because you are getting into too many battles.  The dialouge is also very dry and foolishly written.  After meeting the character Noa I knew that I wanted her to be killed by the mist.  She is maddingly annoying, and she runs around like some mental midget on steriods.  The other two characters have no personalities.  This makes it hard to get involved with the game.  The pluses.  The aformentioned battle engine innovativeness.  Also when you buy a new peice of armor or a weapon you actually see it on your character in battle and they actually use it.  Their are some really odd looking weapons and armor.  The bad part is that gold is very difficult to come across in this game.  My words to you.  Do not buy, do not rent, do not do anything with this game.  It should be burned and its record removed from the planet.  This game does not belong with anyone Playstation collection.  Unless you are really hard up for some entertainment.prediction:4
reviewText:i just bought an n64, but i've played one before with and without the expansion pak.  though the pak does help with the graphics the n64 still can't touch the dreamcast or ps2 with regards to  graphics.  still the pak does let you play perfect dark so it is a must have.prediction:4
reviewText:I know the kids needed this for something but dont know why. I believe its still working as they still play 64prediction:4
reviewText:Luckily, I got my expansion pack with Donkey Kong 64,so I didn't have to spend 30 bucks for it. There is a significant difference with the 4 megabytes of extra video memory, but it's nothing revolutionary. However, because quality games like Donkey Kong and Perfect Dark require it, it must be purchased. There are also several games that don't require the expansion pack, but benefit from its use (Top Gear Overdrive, Rouge Squadron). The bottom line: if you're a 64 owner/player, you should probably buy the expansion pack.prediction:4
reviewText:Such a necessity that once I received it for Christmas I got rid of the Jumper Pak for good.The Expansion pak holds MUCH more memory.If you have games that need it ask mom and dad night and day to buy you an Expansion Pak.You really have no need for the Jumper Pak.The Jumper Pak is really hard to get out anyway.I had to use a knife to get the Jumper Pak out which cant be too good for the system but what the hey now the Expansion Pak is in and I dont need to worry anymore.prediction:4
reviewText:The Good: A lot of excelent guns, decent story with memorable characters, genius level design, tight controls and camera, varied objectives and localesThe Bad: Flimsy stealth, some levels are confusing, a little shortThird person shooters weren't very frequent on PS1 and when they did come by they were usually pretty bad. Syphon Filter proved that you can make this genre work on the PS1. The game is still really fun today and was way ahead of its time. A well done camera, great lock-on system, a decent story with memorable characters, a kick-ass arsenal of guns, and genius level design. Who would have thought a third person shooter would be this good in the late 90&#8242;s? Eidetic and 989 Studios did.You play as super spy Gabriel Logan who is a CIA agent trying to stop a dangerous terrorist named Eric Rhoemer. A Syphon Filter virus that targets specific DNA demographics has been created by a man named Phagan and it is up to you to shut down their operations and stop them from spreading the virus. You start out in New York with the streets being shot up by Rhoemer's thugs. There are objectives in each level to complete, but it is way beyond throw this switch, pull this lever, or shoot this amount of bad guys. You usually have to kill a certain amount of scientists, administer vaccines to victims, disarm bombs, turn off power grids. The objectives vary, but what is fun is figuring out how to get there.Syphon Filter has some of the most memorable levels I can remember. This is a game you play several times and remember where every enemy is, every crate location, and even how to kill each enemy. The levels vary with stealth sections, climbing, and timed areas. The game features a smart lock-on system because there is no camera control. It is surprisingly smart and follows you wherever you go. Enemies wearing flak jackets can only be taken out with head shots or very powerful weapons. This requires aiming in first person mode and taking them out. This flak jacket element is a staple of the series and will go on to be in every game. It is actually an element all on its own and not just body armor for you or the enemy. You can die very easily and if you don't stop and aim for head shots you will waste ammo and/or die very quickly.There are a couple of boss fights thrown in such as a helicopter midway and Rhoemer himself at the end. I found all gameplay elements to be evenly tossed up so you are never bored. The stealth elements need a bit of work and are probably the worst thing about the game, but it is very minor. Crouching and sneaking around works fine, but enemies tend to see you at unknown distances. Maybe a line of sight cone on the radar would help this. You also have to get in head shots otherwise they won't die right away and alert other guards.Weapon selection is also a bit flimsy because you have to hold down select and use L2 and R2 (strafe buttons) to select the weapon. I would have preferred a radial menu instead. Some levels can be a bit hard to navigate are too dark to see. Thankfully you get a flashlight you can equip because some levels are nearly pitch black. I found myself lost a few times because even though the level design is fantastic, some levels can look the same with confusing hallways and misplaced crates and boxes.I actually learned about weapons as a kid from this game. Real world weapons are in here and some that I have never seen in any other game before. The weapons are almost a character all on their own because they feel so good to shoot in the game. The K3G4 will cut through flak jackets easily and is probably the only weapon that will do this. The G18 is a super fast sub-machine pistol, while the silenced 9mm is a staple of the series. The shotgun, combat shotgun, PK-102, BIZ-2, Nightvision Rifle, .45, HK5, and a few more are all excellent weapons. It was also the distinct sounds the developers used that make these guns so memorable. The game has a great sniper scope that was unseen in games back then. There are grenades and gas grenades which are great for taking out a group of enemies stealthily. There are a lot of great weapons in the game and they are very memorable unlike most shooters.While the game itself is amazing the graphics were pretty good at the time. Looking pretty realistic art wise, the game had some good lighting effects and a lot of detail everywhere. I also have many fond memories of this game as a kid. I actually accidentally rented Silent Hill because I forgot the name of this game. I got all the way to the Pharcom Warehouse levels and had to turn the game in. I rented this game many times over and played it to death as a kid. I purchased it a few times here and there and every time I play this it brings back fond memories. Syphon Filter is one of the greatest games ever made and every gamer should play this masterpiece.prediction:4
reviewText:If you don't have a Dreamcast and you love Capcom's Vs. games, Marvel Super Heroes Vs. Street Fighter for Playstation is a decent alternative.  There are some notable flaws, as the Playstation hardware is just not made to run these type of games.  For instance, the biggest let down is the abscence of tag-teaming (the Playstation does not have enough RAM to store more than 2 characters within one loading session).  Then there's the animation...there are definetly more than a few frames missing, but once you get used to it it's OK.  However, there a few gameplay extras Capcom included to keep players interested: a &quot;helper&quot; character for each match, a healing vitality gauge, and a combo system that allows you to chain hyper combos together.  Best of all though, the gameplay stays relatively fast with minimal slowdown (with the exception of extreme activity).  This is another very noticeable improvement over the Playstation ports of Marvel Super Heroes and X-Men Vs. Street Fighter.  If nothing else, Capcom is to be commended for putting up with the Playstation's limitations to squeeze out the best possible port of this game.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought it (when it first came out) for full price... and thought I might have wasted my money...let me tell ya...NO WAY..I didn't waste ONE penny...It's like racing indy cars but much faster, they turn easier and they fly...:)...There are 4 levels to this game. Level one has 7 races, all aare pretty easy. After you finish the level, you are given access to one level in level 4...each level is the same, but each getting harder...there are 4 races in level four, and let me tell ya...THEY ARE HARD!!!!!!! :)...!!! :)...(I still havn't completed races 3 and 4 in level 4!!!)...The Graphics are TOP NOTCH!! The compant, Lucasarts produces the best graphics in computer games. The game follows the story line of the movie well. Sure, the tracks are on differant planets than just Tatooine, but hey; It's fun! :) I love the game. And the characters from the movie, you can play all of them. The ONE thing that is not like the movie (BUT I'M GLAD IT IS ON THE GAME) is the &quot;YOU GET A NEW PODRACER&quot; feature when you crash...It's a life saver!!!ALL AROUND, I GIVE THIS GAME A 2, maybe 3, thumbs up.JASON ANDERSONprediction:4
reviewText:If you think that the &quot;Star Wars Episode 1: Racer&quot; is an effort to cash in on the _Phantom Menace_ hype, you vastly underestimate the  talent at Lucasarts.  As usual, they top expectations and deliver something  far beyond a merchandising tie-in.  This is a product which pushes the  boundaries of the racing genre. Take this feature-rich game out of the Star  Wars Universe and you still have a thrilling, easily-networkable ride.The large number of different racers with different qualties is somewhat  _pro forma_ nowadays in the genre, but Lucasarts takes the idea one step  further.  By winning purses, you earn money with which to upgrade your  racer.  Thus there are a number of useful configurations which are only  possible through victory.The number and quality of camera angles is  equally impressive.  In fact, the cockpit view is downright revolutionary.  From this vantage point, you feel the 400-mph+ speeds, and it's  comparatively harder in this camera to complete tricky courses.Where the  game flags, I suppose, is in its surprising unfaithfulness to the film.  There's no ability to eliminate opposition by &quot;dirty tricks&quot;, and  you can't disable the &quot;i-crashed-but-now-i-have-a-new-racer&quot;  feature.  The pod racers are absolutely indestructible here (though they  can be seriously damaged) and that's a disappointment.  I would've liked a  &quot;harder-edged&quot; version--perhaps one you could toggle on and  off--but it's a small complaint for an otherwise stunning effort.prediction:4
reviewText:Wow...the only Game Boy games that even come close to this are probably Mario Golf and Super Mario Bros. DX. The game starts off when you wake up in a bed on Koholint Island, and you must recover your sword and shield. Once you go down to the shore and pick up your sword, an owl tells you that you must wake the Wind Fish, but in order to do that, you need the eight Instruments of the Sirens from the eight levels(Tail Cave, Bottle Grotto, Key Cavern, Angler's Tunnel, Catfish's Maw, Face Shrine, Eagle's Tower, Turtle Rock). In these levels, you pick up a good variety of items. You get the Roc's Feather for jumping, The Power Braclet for picking up rocks, the Pegasus Boots for running really fast, the Flippers for swimming, the Hookshot for clearing long gaps, a more powerful Power Bracelet, a Mirror Shield for reflecting beams, and the Magic Rod for melting ice! But some of these levels have keys, and to get the Slime Key(Level 3) and the Angler Key, you will be running crazy, all across the island. Along with that are other side missions. There is a trading game through the entire game which will lead you getting the Magnifying Lens, and with which you can see a man on the shore, who will trade you whatever is in your B button(Use the shovel) for a fine Boomerang. There are also a good deal of Secret Seashells, and if you get 20, you can get the Level 2 Sword, which can shoot beams at full power! You also get a couple friends along the way. For getting into the second level, you get to walk Bowwow, the big Chain Chomp that lives next to Marin and Tarin. He will eat the poisonous plants in front of the entrance. You can also revive the Flying Rooster, a rooster that you pick up for full flight, so you can get the Bird Key. But never forget the main mission: Wake the Wind Fish. For he is not the only one inside the egg...prediction:4
reviewText:This game is the best game I've ever played for GB.  I have the original version, not DX.  (If you don't know the difference, DX is in color, but the original is in shades of grey.  (I guess there are a couple additions in the DX game.  But I repeat, ONLY a COUPLE.))  But, it's still pretty much the same concept. There are plenty of puzzles to keep you thinking, and tons of items.  The bosses are pretty hard, and they're a puzzle themselves; you need to find out what method and item you need to use against them.  Graphics are good (remember I'm playing the original); they are not exceptional, but good enough that you can clearly see what things are, and there is a lot of detail.  The sound is good also; you don't get bogged down in too many sounds at once, but you can hear everything that goes on.  If you like action games, this is good for you; but you're going to have to think, so stay away if you don't like puzzles.  PUZZLES!  Wow, there sure are a lot of them.  Some of them are extremely difficult, and just when you think you're going to give up, or cheat off of a walkthrough, you figure it out!  Hence, it's not impossible, just difficult.  Well, RPG players, have a nice feast!prediction:4
reviewText:Ever since I played Ocarina of Time (the best game ever That has won many top ten lists) I have been a devoted zelda fan. I set of to play them all. So even though this is considered an old rusty title I was set on playing it. Now of the Zelda titles this is one of the better ones. This game contains quality,and very few modern games are this good.If you are curious This is my third favorite game just behind Ocarina of Time and A Link to the past. If you want a good title skip those DS games and get a copy of this.This game is old so the music and graphics aren't top notch but i still enjoyed them. It has an amazing soundtrack! I never got tired of the over world theme, and the rest is memorial too. The graphics aren't anything special but any well colored game is fine by me.The fighting/dungeons were ok. They had challenge but actually I didn't find them amazing. The over world was a real treat. It was well made and fun to explore. This is were the real quality comes in.I have seen better characters and storys, but you can't help thinking fondly of this game's story/character. It left a mark and I will always remember them/it. It is hard to explain.I can see wy this has been a favorite for many gamers for over a century. It was well make, well liked and if you haven't already play it.!max stars! (more than five)prediction:4
reviewText:I first played this game when I was in 5th grade. I instantly fell in love with the simple, yet powerfully captivating quest. This, along with the N64 console and Age of Empires were the heart and soul of my 90's game experience. Pokemon may have evolved over the years, but this is well and truly where it all began.prediction:4
reviewText:Originality 10/10 Unlike nearly all other RPG franchises, this is 100% original!Graphics 9+/10 Some Pokemon look better than others.Music 9.5+/10 The music is very good.Replay value 10/10 Even if you get through this game in hours, you may have more to do.Pokemon Red sold 4.83 million in the United States, so this qualifies as an underrated game, due to selling under 5 million units. If you want to buy the best Game Boy game ever, this is where you will find it. ABSOLUTELY NO EXCEPTIONS! This should have gotten a "Game Of The Year" reward or two, but this (near) perfect masterpiece NEVER got it. A true Pokemon fan has this gem in his/her collection. However, one thing. Some of these might be worn out (discolored label, multiple scratches on the back, etc.) due to being so great of a game. Don't say I didn't warn you.prediction:4
reviewText:It's a game.  But the acting is no worse than the movie so I give it one  extra star because you can do stuff, not just sit there and watch the  lousey acting. &quot;Qui gon, I have a bad feeling about dis&quot;  Well,  it's kinda fun, I guess. You get to whack things with yer light-saber which  sounds much like the movie and the other sound effects/background ambience  are excellent in my opinion.  Music even better.  Gameplay OK.  Graphics  are not the best for now but very good for 1999.  You want a good Episode I  game, try Racer.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a very good game in a way that when you has seen the film you just have to get as the play is just so like the film. The game play is very like the film in many ways as if you split up the film in to sections then this game has a level in each piece of the film. You can even follow the story while playing it. So you don't have to have seen the film to appreciate this game but it will help as you will know what is happening throughout. It is quite a hard game to get used to but once you do, it becomes really good from there on and you can't get off of it as it is very addictive as you want to get to the next section of the film. The good thing is that it is not only just an action game like you would think but also very much a strategy one having to figure out where to go next. And to top it off you even play as queen amidala in one level! If you love the film like i do then you will love this!!prediction:4
reviewText:this game is a Classic Star wars Game at first when playing this game i thought it was stupid but then i played it more and found it really quite good the story line is good and i like how you can choose what the characters say sometimes.....i love the podrace levels with jabba the hut those levels are really fun if you are a star wars fan or enjoy good fun get this gameprediction:4
reviewText:I've played this game many, many times. But unfortunately, it's one of those games that you will either love or hate, which you can tell by the reviews here and I love it.This game is pretty lengthly, gives you a choice of things to say in response to questions and is overall fun, especially since you get to play the entire movie. I recommend this game to die hard fans, but like I said, don't be surprised if for some reason you don't like it. Some do, some don't. Simple as thatprediction:4
reviewText:I love the three person tag teams, the trios run togeather, but you can tag the next leader by pushing circle. Every character on each team has their own special moves, but the teams are all pretty well balanced, they all have a fast hero, a strong hero, and a hero that can fly.The grapics are great, fast and great! It has a great third person view, the camera is behind and above the team, you can move to either side, you can jump up, you can fall down, it's just a great 3D game!It's soo easy and plays smoth, my only complaint is it that it is too fast in some places, like in the giant loops I easily lose track of the Sonic, with him moveing from side to side he will run off a cliff and I won't notice it until he is deadprediction:4
reviewText:Sonic Heroes is a lovely platformer.  Lately I have been hearing people saying terrible things about this game, as well as other 3D Sonic platformers.  Here is my message for them: WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE?!  It's true that Sega hasn't exactly perfected the camera system for this game as well as the other Sonic 3D games, but please give Sega some credit for this good platformer.  To start with the good in this game, and there is a lot of it, the voice overs are totally sweet.  I normally don't pay much attention to the voices of the characters, as they little interest me, but this game struck a cord there.  Each voice, matches his or her corresponding character's personality, species, and gender perfectly!  There is no question about it.  The graphics are good, regardless of the very occasional jerky camera, and the video clips and the stories are also some of the best I have seen.  How each story begins, collides with other stories, and ends is masterpiece, and unlike many other games, once you finish a story, you can watch all of the movie clips of that story in the options menu!  The music totally rocks, especially the team themes, and the levels all have a good moral lesson for kids: that you need to work with others as a team!  Speaking of team, this game is very team oriented, the teams are:Team Rose: which consists of Amy Rose, Cream the Rabbit (and, as always, accompanied by Cheese the chao), and Big the Cat.  This team has adventures that are beginner difficulty.  This is good for young children, and getting beginners used to the game.  You may also enjoy this team's cuteness.Team Sonic: this consists of Sonic the Hedgehog, Miles "Tails" Prower, and Knuckles the Echidna.  This team has a journey that is a little harder, normal difficulty to be exact.  This is good for those who want a little more of a challenge, and enjoy the light bantering of this somewhat humorous team.Team Chaotix: the members of this group include Espio the Chameleon, Charmy the Bee, and Vector the Crocodile (who is apparently "The Head Honcho").  This team's adventures have been dubbed "dubious".  The difficulty, in my opinion, varies from easy to hard.  If you like detectives, mystery, and treasure hunting, this team is for you.  Most of their missions consist of finding a certain amount of something (five keys for example).  Not all of them, but most of them.  My last comment on them is: this is easily the most comical team in the game.  I have been set off laughing by a comment from these dudes several times.  You should have fun with them.Team Dark: this team has Shadow the Hedgehog, Rouge the Bat, and Omega (who is an ex-eggman robot).  The mercenaries of this team are shrouded in mystery.  First off, I must comment that it's like a soap opera for children, that they brought Shadow back from his presumed death, and with amnesia included.  This team has hard difficulty, and often makes you go farther in the levels than you would normally have to with other teams.  This group would be extremely boring if it wasn't for Rouge.  Shadow and Omega take things very seriously, which makes Rouges role the person who lightens things up.  It's an interesting contrast of personalities.So, like I stated earlier, I believe it is good for children to see teams of all kinds.  This basically teaches them you can team up with others, no matter how different they are, and work together on a task to make it easier.  Moving on, Sega also brings the special stages to 3D.  That's right, rather than collecting the emeralds in the storyline (like with the Sonic Adventure series) you actually have to collect a key, hightail it out of the level without getting hit, and complete a special stage in order to get a chaos emerald.  Oh, and true to form, the last special stage is once again the hardest.  There is also the "Last Story" that I will not go into detail here, but trust me, get all seven chaos emeralds and access it.  It is definitely worthwhile.  The only flaws I have to list for you is these:1.  Because of all of the team action, each individual lost something move wise.  I am talking about things like Knuckles' gliding and climbing abilities as well as Sonic's somersaulting.  Big no longer fishes like he did in Sonic Adventure, and the flight characters (Tails, Cream, Charmy, and Rouge) cannot fly as long or fast as they originally could.  Which sadly makes sense, seeing as those little things are carrying all of the weight of the rest of their teams.  Their cool team moves make up for most of the lost abilities, but you still have to miss Knuckles' climbing skills in those tight situations.2.  The flight members each have a special attack that they can do alone, but there is little point to them having it, seeing as they are almost never alone.  So your stuck just doing thundershoot.  While powerful, I do believe flying characters lack variety in their abilities.3.  The camera doesn't operate 100% smoothly.  It is slightly better than Sonic Adventure 2:Battle, and doesn't matter much anyway however.4.  There isn't enough variety in the chaotix missions.  It's always either find a certain amount of something, sneak past someone, or get from point A to point B before time runs out.  I guess it would be difficult to make it more than that, but still, the missions lack that "investigative" thing that detectives do.5.  There is no water to swim in.  This isn't exactly a huge problem, but I did enjoy confronting and swimming in bodies of water the other games throw at you.  Here, the only water you get is Seaside Hill and it behaves more like a bottomless pit.  It would have been interesting to see how each team adapted to a swimming pool, and maybe see what funny thing Sonic would have to say.6.  Finally, the zones are not as expansive.  It just puts you on one path and makes you go forward.  The advantage with this is that you can never get lost, but it loses that "go wherever you want to" charm.That's it.  The 2 player mode is also great for those who are interested, and Omochao (a robotic chao) can colorfully guide you through the menus.  This game is well thought, well planned, and well designed.  There is even a zone for pinball fans in Casinopolis so this game has something for absolutely everyone.  GET THIS GAME!  Trust me, you will get hours of enjoyment from it.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a very fun game for kids and kid-like adults (like me) who are kind of nostalgic about the good old days playing Sega Genesis and NES, and watching AoStH and Sonic SatAm. This has some old (speed and loop-de-loops) and some new. Graphics are ok. I expect Sonic to be cartoony and I don't understand people who complain about it.I really enjoy the teams feature although I tend to abuse the power characters (ie. Knuckles, Mr. Big the Cat, Omega, and Vector). Each team has 3 members each attributed with either speed, power, or flight. Typically you will be required to use them all in each level. Also certain teams are easier to play than others with Team Rose the easiest.Here is a quick breakdown of the teams:Team Sonic: Sonic, Knuckles, and Tails. Sonic is the speed character, Knuckles is power, and Tails is flight.Team Dark: Shadow (speed), Rouge (flight), and Omega (power).Team Chaotix: Vector (power), Charmy (flight), and Espio (speed).Team Rose: Amy Rose (speed), Cream and Cheese (flight), and Mr. Big (power).prediction:4
reviewText:Remember old Sonic on the Megadrive? How it was all about FUN and SPEED, and not the exploration and questing that the latter Dreamcast sequels seemed to have in abundance?Well, Kids, Sonic is back and better than ever and now, thanks to some extremely brave and very, very well-executed gameplay changes, regains his foothold as the best platform hero in the world, bar none :-)Granted, it feels all wrong playing Sonic with a PS 2 pad, but I know I speak for us all when I say I'd rather have Sega Games this way than not at all.Sonic Heroes consists of all the usual levels - Seaside Hill Zone, Casino Nite Zone, etc., but it's in the teamwork where this game excels. Now, instead of just playing as one Hedgehog or one Echidna or one Bat or whatever, you have to employ teamwork across a cast of three characters per level in order to beat the game. There are 4 teams, so 12 playable characters in all - and range from Staples like Team Sonic (Sonic, Knuckles and Tails) to past characters (Rose the Bat, Big the Cat and Espiosa the... purple thing) to downright oddball characters (Charmy the Bee, for instance). On each team, one character is good for speed, one for strength and one for flying, and you do need to make good use of each character to beat the level you're currently playing. Also, the teams are graded in terms of difficulty, so beginners can start with Team Rose and work their way up, frustration-free.This adds a huge sense of fun to the game, as well as keeping the Sonic concept fresh and exciting: hedgehog-runs-along-flat-plane is dull-dull-dull, but for the speed freaks the bonus levels are all about speed, and highly reminiscent of the Bonus Stages from Sonic 2. Similarly excellent is the presentation, as one would expect from a Sega game - there are a wealth of options to be unlocked, like new modes of play, the fabulous CG movies, different voices for the characters etc. - all of which makes for an excellent gaming experience.Thoroughly recommended, this is another feather in Sega's cap and one of my personal favourite Sonic games to date. Enjoy!prediction:4
reviewText:Sonic Heroes will be EXTREMELY AWESOME!!!!!!!!  I haven't played it yet, but I know it will be great, and hopefully the bad camera views from the Adventure series will be vanished.When I say A blast from the past, I mean that Sonic Heroes is one of his old games, blown up into 3D, (New stages, of course...)I can't think of anything else to put!  Just get Sonic Heroes when it comes out cuz IT'TL ROCK!prediction:4
reviewText:Star Wars Episode 1 Racer.  Well, in this game you play as one of many characters that can be unlocked by winning races and setting records.  After each race, if you place high enough, you can upgrade your podracer by  buying new parts, or searching through Watto's Junkyard.  There is a  multiplayer, but it is pretty standard, just a split screen racing option.  This is a pretty good game, and ... it's a great buy.  I commend  Lucasartss for the feeling of really fast racing, but besides this and the  ability to buy parts, this game is essentially nascar on different planets  with space ships and a winner title.prediction:4
reviewText:Most N64 games are easy to get sick of but this one, the fun lasts forever. It is so fun to playprediction:4
reviewText:This game is simply amazing, you can't disagree, it is so fun, never repetative because everyday I would invite friends over to my house and we would play for hours and hours. The gameplay is great, if your into Melee it is similar but it takes a while getting use to the controls of the Gamecube. I was a master at this game, I loves it so much, a character I recommend that all beginners should use would be Fox, he is the easiest to use, but he is also very good if you can use him right. Jigglypuff and Ness are not for beginners, but Metronome might be the strongest move in the game. This is a fantastic game, unlock characters, set new records for your vs matches because every match you have goes down into the record column. This is a must have for N64 whether you are 10 or 20! Remember though, play with friends, not by yourself!prediction:4
reviewText:I bought a used version of this cartridge after seeing my 3-year old son being hooked with it during a visit to my sister's.You have 8 characters to choose from with 4 additional hidden characters you can release after succeeding in various playing modes at specific difficulty levels.  Each character has its own set of special moves, sounds and taunts.The purpose of the game is to use your character skills and moves to knock off your opponent from the hovering playing field.  Damage to you or to your opponent builds up as you hit him/her.  Some punches or moves give more damage than others and as the damaged builds up, the character turns more vulnerable to being knocked off.There are a few moves that only give damage and other moves are used to specifically knock off your opponent.  This means that you cannot just push buttons at random, it requires a lot of patience and some reflexes to defeat your adversary consistently.The game is extremely simple to learn, yet there are quite a large amount of special moves to master.  You will definitely require all those special moves when playing the most advanced levels or when facing more skilled human opponents.I kind of sticked with Mario when playing, for me it is the most well-rounded character, although I'm sure  that some of the hidden characters are quite versatile as well.I found out that this game can be handicap adjusted, making it fun and fair for all ages and skill levels.This game is definitely more fun in a multi-player scenario, but it is also extremely fun using the computer as an opponent.  You can play a free-for-all match (everyone against everyone) with up to 3 computer (or human) controlled characters, having each one the same or their own unique skill levels.  There is also a Team-Battle, where you team up with a computer or a human to face another human/computer team.One small thing I did noticed was some slow control response in some instances, especially when playing the harder levels; it requires a little patience getting used to it.This game is very easy to learn, extremely addictive, colorful, fun, challenging and funny.  It has dozens of playing options and many cool sounds. It is quite entertaining with lots of clean fun for the whole family.5 stars and 100% recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:All of your favorite classic nintendo characters have joined forces to decide who rules the Nintendo World? This awesome fighting game is like Mario and Mortal Kombat together. The great thing is that theres no real violence at all! Mario can perfect his fireball move, Fox McCloud can shoot his laser, Link can throw boomerangs and bombs, while little kirby can suck up players and steal there secret powers. All characters have different special attacks. They can all punch and kick, but they all throw, smash, pound, pummle, blast and burn diffrently. Also, items fall down from the sky that you can use againts your opponents. Pokeballs, (which actually contain several random pokemon that each do different things) swords, hammers, Maximum Tomatoes and fire-flowers all rain down so you can reign over everyone on the field. With an awesome multiplayer option, this is a sure Nintendo Classic. Try this game, you'll fall in love with it fast.prediction:4
reviewText:If you own the N64 then you must have this game. The graphics are a bit out dated, but who cares! The game is still great! Even though there are less characters than the newer smash bros this game still brings in the punches. You can play story/one player mode and also play up to 4 people.In one player mode you can either do the story mode or do the challenges. Both are fun! You can set up the difficulties and also set up how many lives you can use.Multiplayer mode is also fun. You have the ability to play in teams or not. Still you can set up the difficulties. PLUS, you can have a time battle or set up how many lives you can use.Though unlike mele you can't plat story mode with 2 players... but that shouldn't be the reason for not getting this game!prediction:4
reviewText:This Game is Awsome...purely...AWSOME!!!! I has an OK 1 player made but... the multiplayer is just outstanding!! This is a great party game... You just can't stop playing. Personally, DK, Fox, Kirby are my Favorites...btw...if you set the damage in multiplayer to 200%, then hit players 1-3 times using DK's ^+B spcieal move, your opponent will FLY!!! AND I MEAN FLY!!! ;) My Friends hate this move!!! :) Also Fox's \/+B Special move, you can reflect all moves and attacks!!! and Kirby can suck players abilities and fall on them with his \/+B special move like a brick!!! You have to buy this game!! It is the best ever!!prediction:4
reviewText:This is a great game, one of the best for the system. It's certainly innovative when it comes to fighting games. There's no button mashing or crazy combos in this game, just simple B, A and control stick combos. In a way this is good; its not as complicated, and easy to get started. But it's also bad; there's a limited number of moves.Also, some characters are really useless. Jigglypuff? One Pokemon was enough, but this is even a crapified version of Kirby. Which takes me to number two. Kirby. I like the character an the developers had teh right idea, but hes too strong. Playing against aKirby gets really cheap...I'm sure some of you know what I mean. His brick can protect him from about anything!There's only 9 stages...a few of which are really bad like Kirby's, and the Pokemon one's not too great either. But there's good ones also like Hyrule, Fox, Mario and the Donkey. Then there's the nostalgic ones.This game is great, especially because of its small learning curve and awesome replay value(the best next to goldeneye). Definitely worth your money.prediction:4
reviewText:Okay there is only one bad thing about this game. So now there is meele and 25 characters! but there is only 12 in the other. I am best with Captin Falcon. I am worst at Pikachu. Please Please Please do not laugh at my reiview. I am only 9!prediction:4
reviewText:If you love Meele, you will not enjoy this. If you have this you would say it was fun for about.... 3 weeks. 4 maybye. I think the game is excellent but it was'nt addicting at all. But Meele is still my favourite game and is fun to play. So buy it if you hate being addicted.prediction:4
reviewText:I had recently bought this game a month back and I enjoyed it on my N64.Later after deleting the earlier data I played through the game and unlocked jiggly puff. The next time I tried it was captain falcon. After that it was no one because I made a mistake. Later I went online to this link and it helped me get everything. It's very true info. There's even a new level (Mushroom Kingdom Classic.) I hope it helps you :)[EDIT] Here I was nice enough to post everything for you:Cheat: 999%There are two ways to to do this, you must pick Mario as your character and you must go to Hyrule Castle as a stage (you can fight any opponent you want). At Hyrule Castle, get your chosen opponent to the top wooden platform, and then push him or her off of the platform on the left side. Then, spawn as many green shells as you can on the right side of the platform. From here, go to the middle platform and go to the edge of the left side, facing left. Do Mario's Up + B move - if done correctly, your opponent's percentage will go up to 999%. Then, simply wait a second, and knock your opponent off the screen. The other way that takes longer, but is easier. Just select any chracter that shoots projectiles, like mario, luigi, and fox then keep hurting your opponent at the practice level of any selection until they get 999% and after hit the opponent and see them fly like a missle.Unlockable: Mushroom KingdomTo unlock the Mushroom Kingdom beat the game with all eight original characters. This will open up a level that resembles an old-school Super Mario Bros. level.Change Outfits:You can change your character's outfits by tapping the four C Buttons at the character select screen. Some costume changes are limited to colors, but characters like Pikachu are also available with a hat.Unlockable Luigi:To play as Luigi, pass the Bonus Practice 1 with at least 8 main characters like the ones you didn't have to unlock. When Luigi challenges you, defeat him and he's yours.Kirby's Power Loss:Everybody knows that Kirby can swallow his opponents and take on some of their powers in this game, but what if you accidentally "ate" a character you didn't want -- and you want to pursue someone else? Simple: Just press the L Button to pull of Kirby's "Hello!" taunt and he will discard whatever power he took on.JigglypuffIf you want to get the Pokemon Jigglypuff all you have to do is beat the game one time and then you will face JigglyPuff in a battle. If you beat JigglyPuff you will be able to use her in the game.Unlockable: Item Switch MenuTo unlock the Item menu (where players determine weapons and their frequency), play Vs. mode at least 50 times.Unlockable: Captain FalconTo play as Captain Falcon, you must beat the game on any difficulty with however many lives in UNDER 20 MINUTES. After that Captain Falcon will challenge you. Once you beat him, you be able to select Captain Falcon as a character.Unlockakle: NessTo play as Ness, beat the one-player mode with any character, with the number of starting lives set to 3 and the difficulty set to NORMAL. You must beat the game without continuing.Unlockable: Sound TestTo activate the Sound Test, successfully complete Bonus Practice games 1 and 2 with all characters &iquest; including the hidden ones. The Test Music option will appear on the Data screen.Quick Recovery:Have you ever been hit so far you haven't been able to get back into the game to help your buddies? After being hit into the air, tap Z as soon as you hit the ground. When you hit the ground, you will spring up from the ground quickly, and you can be back in the game faster. Also, you can press forward or backward to roll after you have sprung back into play.Rotate Characters:You can rotate and view the characters from different angles by entering the character bio section and holding Z. You can use the analog stick to move them around.prediction:4
reviewText:And I say true Ridge Racer because I actually like Rage Racer slightly better than this.  R4 is the first RR game to have analog support, but what really makes this game is the excellent track design.  Unlike Rage Racer and Gran Turismo, you don't earn money to upgrade your cars, you just unlock cars.  That's its only flaw in my book.Those who are complaining about the quality of the graphics...drive faster.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought this color, Teal, because I liked teal very much. Other than that, this console has improved on its graphics! On games like Super Mario Bros. Deluxe and Pokemon Gold and Silver, the graphics are much better! Also, there is a ample amount of color that your eyes can feast on. Now if you have game boy Pocket and Regular game boy and you're playing Pokemon [It doesn't matter which one], you will notice that when you walk around in Pocket, It's very blurry. Well this fault has ben fixed in GameBoy Color. It's extremely helpful because it enables you to see more detail and little things that you couldn't see before. I also have some regular gameboy games that aren't for game boy color and if you play them on GameBoy color, they show little color, but no blurryness. Now make sure you read what the box says when you are buying a gameboy color game. There are two types, there is one that says FOR GAMEBOY COLOR ONLY, which you can't use on the other gameboys. The second type just says that it's for gameboy color. Those you can play on the regular gameboys. It won't show any color but at least you can play it. There are a couple faults for the gameboy color. One of which is that the console is too small [for me I have big fingers so it's hard for a grown up kid]. A second fault is that the batterys run out faster than the Original GameBoy [The gameboy pocket battery use is outrageous! I played the gameboy pocket for 2 hours straight and the batterys were already starting to run out[[I think it's because the console takes AAA's and they tend to run out fast]].]. The original gameboy lasted me up to 23 hours! This only lastes me for about 12. Well I can see why because of all the good color and good graphics. So my point is that this color gameboy, teal, is a good color to get [if you like it]. The console is worth the money too. It all combines. The color, graphics, games, to make a great system!prediction:4
reviewText:I liked this thing. It played in color, but used up batteries fast. The sound isn't all that great (too quiet), and the screen scratches easily.prediction:4
reviewText:Some consoles like Dreamcast and N64 are really good, but hard to carry around.  Ether in teh house or ont eh read this console rules!  I would like it to maby be a bit smaller like the pockets, but other wise its really cool.  Some of the games you play on the computer, well like Tomb Raider are good, but the controls are so confusing!  But on the GBC's versiond of the game is really easier to controol and still has all that good stuff.  Its a really good console.  And the Atomic Purple is the one i have and its really cool.  So BUY THIS ITEM!!!  Its really good.prediction:4
reviewText:Ok, I'll admit it, I have a Gameboy of my own. 40-something mother of two, and I got one for myself so that I could play with my kids. They're great! We are all great Pokemon fans, which is how we got sucked into the whole  Gameboy thing, and those are still our favorite games.The only drawback  that I find with the thing is that it does need to be well-illuminated,  otherwise you'll give yourself a migrane trying to see the tiny screen. But  that aside, these babies are fun! My kids love them, I love mine, great fun  all around. Go for it!prediction:4
reviewText:Although the Game Boy Advance is on the way, the original Game Boy (here in 'Colour' form) is still going strong, and is still the only mainstream  hand-held console.Compared with the sadly-missed Neo Geo Pocket the  screen is slightly less vibrant, and sorely needs a backlight (although  adding one would decimate the battery life). Technically, although the NGP  was 16-bit, there doesn't seem to be much difference, and in any case it's  the quality of the games that's important. This is the Game Boy's strength  - it has an enormous, ever-growing range of games, some of which is  excellent (the third 'Wario' game, for example, or 'R-Type DX', a faithful  recreation of 'R-Type' on a tiny screen). There are some more esoteric  applications, too, including a camera, a sonar (really), productivity  software, and a sequencer (as used on Alec Empire's 'We Punk  Einheit').As a possession, it's highly desirable - it's small, stylish  and easy to hold, and apart from the fragile battery cover, it seems very  solid. It's slightly bulkier than the Game Boy Pocket, but not  off-puttingly so, and keenly-priced, too. Only the high price of the  cartridges could put people off, but with several million Game Boys out  there (many of which are presumably restricted to playing 'Tetris' and  nothing else), there is a thriving second-hand market.prediction:4
reviewText:My Grandma got me this console when I was around 6-7 years old. I remember opening it up for the first time, and had no idea how to turn it on, and when I figured it out, I was so excited. I've had this thing for many many years and it still works great. The only thing thats messed up really is the way the sound works. Like, if I turn the sound circle thing all the way to the max, its less sound then it was at a little before that point. But something I like is it has a headphone jack in it, which the GBA SP Lite does not. I'm not sure if the original SP did or not, but I like using my earphones when I play a game, so thats a major plus for me. Also, I did loose the back at one point but we bought a different back at a flea market, and it fit just fine. Mine is the purple one, and sure, its got quite a few scratches, dings and dents, but I still play it every now and then, because its a classic, and I loves me some Pokemon Crystal, :).prediction:4
reviewText:but still excellent.  Highly recommende for th fighter fan who still plays the old PS One.  Great graphics, sound and uber-fast gameplay.Great shipping and condition of product.prediction:4
reviewText:This game was soooo bad, I took it immediately back to the game store where I got it from. I got it since I am a Superhero fan, but trust me, even if you are a diehard fan of Superman, resist the urge to purchase this game or trade for it or even accept it for free!!!!! This is one of those noway games that should be thrown in the microwave and have the molecules in it to be melted for good.When i first turned the game on, the people in the first level looked like an oil painting. And it is nearly impossible to fly through those rings!!! Miss one ring and words show up that say,"Lex wins" and you hear a really bad reproduction of baldy's laugh.I put two stars for this being a fun game because it is so much fun to laugh at!!! I wonder why DC let Titus make this horrific game!!!! 'sob'prediction:4
reviewText:If you are looking for story as the driving force behind an RPG, then this is a game you will enjoy.  Lunar doesn't rely on graphics or amazing sound.  It relies on the strength of its storyline.  The graphics are the type you'd find on an older system, which makes sense because this game was originally released on the Sega-CD.  This comes with two bonus CD's. One is a soundtrack, which is nothing to be excited about since the music isn't something you'd want to listen to outside of the game, but is a nice touch.  The other is a making of CD that was rather interesting because you get to see how much the people who made this game were into it and cared about the finished product.One of the neat things about this game is all of the voice acting.  It's such a nice touch and really adds a lot to the game.  The female voices can seem rather whiny and too high pitched (which could be said of the males at times too), but other than that, it's quite good.  Also, there is a lot of pop culture references and innuendo going on that make you laugh.  That may be the best thing about the game.  The story is fun.  The game is fun.  You have fun playing the game.It's not new.  It's not full of eye candy.  But the game is very enjoyable and worth the money if you enjoy playing with a good story.prediction:4
reviewText:Originally released back on the Sega Saturn, Working Designs ports it over to the Playstation, VERY NICELY. The original great game is here, with a few good enhancments. The best one being the Anime scenes. Very well done, and they help move the story along nicely. The game's not up to par with the likes of most Final Fantasy games, or many other Square/Enix RPG's, but it's definitely a must have for any RPG fan.Gameplay: 8.1/10I'll start with the battle system. The battles you run into to aren't random; you can see them on the screen, and avoid some of them if you don't want to battle. A lot of them are impossible to avoid, though; this is needed, so you aren't just running through the game not fighting. You have the usual attack, run, and skills during the battles. When you have your character do a physical attack, he will move to the enemie he's attacking and stay in that spot while the enemies do their attacks. Some of the enemy attacks will move your character a spot or two back. This way, there's some strategy involved on the placement of your character. Each enemy has a certain amount of spots it can move, so if you want to stay away from some of them, don't attack an enemy that's surrounded by other enemies, because they all will be in attacking range, and they will all get a good attack in on you. A lot of the times, I didn't really worry about this, but it's a little added strategy to the battles other than the usual fighting. One of the more useful ways of taking advantage of this, though, is to defend on one turn, let the enemies move close to you, and then hack and slash away. This way, you don't move in without getting an attack on your enemy, and letting them attack you. Be smart, and you can avoid a hit here and there. The battles are turn based, by the way; none of that meter stuff seen in most Final Fantasy games. Really either way is good to me.The way skills are learned in this game is just your basic learn a skill at a certain level system. Example: Learn a small healing spell at level 5. There's no custom way of learning your attacks. You have to realize, that this came out in the early 90's, where there was only a game here and there had a deep system to go along with it. It gets the job done, but it's not as advanced as some RPG'ers would like. I didn't mind, though. Don't let this turn you away from the game. You will miss out on a memorable experience if you do.The areas in this game are big, good looking, and fun to work your way through. Your usual RPG stuff is here. Caves, Villages, Castles, etc. They offer up a good challenge, too, which you can't say about a lot of RPG's out there. It's not impossible by any means, but it's not easy either. Good challenge. The world you travel through is well designed, and pretty big. As a whole, you won't find a bad or boring level in this game. It's an expansive RPG world, with many fun challenges along the way.The characters are very good. They are pretty artistic. A couple basic looking ones, but overall, they have my pick as some of the better ones in an RPG, ever. The character development is not too bad, either. It's not the best, but you should soon care for each character atleast a little. Especially the main ones like Alex, and Luna.I like the story a lot. You wont find a deep, complex plot. You get a straight-foward, hero defeating the villian, type of story. There's a good surprise here and there, but not many. You will grow to hate the villians, and the story, while not being too complex, pulls you in and doesn't let you go until you finish the game. I guarantee you will enjoy it.I take off the 1.9 because the battle system can get repetitive near the end of the game. The boss battles have you basically using the same spell per character each turn, hoping you have enough left to finish him off. This makes the usual fun boss fights, a little less fun than normal. Atleast they're challenging, though, since they always have the same level as your characters. I didn't take off any more for the semi-basic storyline, and not so deep skill learning system because of the time it came out. That's something you have to realize when playing this game: it was one of the best for it's time.Replay Value: 6.5/10As with a lot of RPG's, it's not very good. I, and many will play through again for the positives I mentioned above, but there's really no incentive to come back and play through the 25+ hour quest again. Only for the hardcore RPGer, I guess.Music: 8.2/10Overall, some very nice tunes scattered through out the game. It's not mind blowing like some of the Square soundtracks, but it's a good one. You will enjoy it for the most part, I know I did.Graphics: 9/10I'm basing it on the year it came out. The levels,and battle graphics look stunning. With that said, though, the characters suffered and look pretty bland. That's the reason for the 1 point off. Not a major problem at all, though. Especially when you play this one for the gameplay, like all RPG's.Overall:(Not an average) 8.5/10For it's time, it offered a fun battle system, great graphics, a good story, and clever, fun level design. One of the best games in the genre at the time, and rightfully so. It has taken a slight hit over the years, but overall, it has stood the test of time pretty well. RPG fans would be wise to not miss out on this. With the special package one, you get tons of extra goodies; well worth the money, although it's only possible to find it on sites like Ebay. If you find it, go for it. You will not be disappointed in the slightest at this classic RPG.I recommend Lunar 2 as well. It improves upon this game in almost every way.prediction:4
reviewText:Lunar silver star story complete is the best remake ever! Blows away the original in every possible aspect, from graphics to story.+ one of the best 2d graphics ever, everything is crisp and detailed with great anime sequence+ new soundtrack is great, the only song boat blow me away+one of the best cast of characters ever+ a great story reworked, a great improvment over the original+ no random battle+ the battle are pretty difficult ( specially the boss battle)+ voice acting is good+ new extras+ great package- the gamplay is on the simple side- again a little sidequestsnow, my classification of the first lunar versions.lunar silver star story complete (ps) 10/10 masterpiece !lunar silver star harmony (psp) 8/10 downgraded version of the playstation masterpiecelunar the silver star (sega cd) 7/10 good.. but very obsolete, overshadowed by silver star storylunar legend (gba) 0/10 pure garbageprediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the best games ever to come out on a console system! The characters, the anime's, and the simple and easy to learn battle system. There are many anime sequences with dialouge, and they are FUNNY. The battle system is a simple turn based combat which can be very amusing. The plot is great but the graphics are old saturn style but still rock. This game is worth your money.prediction:4
reviewText:Once again you put your hand to the book, and enter another world...this time, Riven, in an effort to find the wife of your host.  Yes, it's still basically a slide show, and yes, there really aren't any other people to  interact with, but it's still beautifully drawn, with gorgeous environments  to explore, and atmospheric music to soothe you.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is great! It's not as good as Myst, but it's still impressive. This games backs right up to Myst, so if you hann't played Myst, you will have NO idea on whats going on! Somthing thats better the Myst, the grapics. I don't know how good they are on PC because I've got the playstation virsion, but the graphics on that are awsome! My opinion on buying it or renting it is you should buy it if you've played and BEATEN Myst. But Bloskbuster donen't carry this game.prediction:4
reviewText:I enjoyed Riven more than Myst. Riven was more difficult than Myst, for me, but I still only needed two hints to complete Riven. I would highly recommend Riven to adventure gamers. It really has set a new standard for the genre. Haven't played Exile yet, but I wanted to complete Riven before moving on to #3. What these Cyan games possess - far above any other adventure games I've played - are smart, subtle story lines that really keep your attention. How refreshing to play a game that respects the player's intelligence and sense of inquisitiveness and adventure. I know I'm hooked when I think about a game throughout my day. Riven does become your world. Finally, like Tolkien's 'The Lord of the Rings,' the Myst games possess subtle yet compelling Christian symbols - a spiritually fulfilling experience.prediction:4
reviewText:&quot;Riven&quot; is a continuation of the popular role-playing game, &quot;Myst.&quot;  I didn't think it could outdo its predecessor, as most sequels are never able to quite live up to the original.  But &quot;Riven&quot; more than met that task.  In fact, &quot;Riven&quot; so surpasses &quot;Myst&quot; in scope, storyline and task that it's almost boggling.The game opens with you returning to D'Ni again after transporting through the linking book in the Library on Myst Island.  The ever-knowledgeable Atrus, played by Rand Miller, thanks you for coming back and says he needs your help.  And from then the race is on: You need to find his wife Catherine who is trapped in a prison somewhere on the Riven Age.  Her captor turns out to be Atrus' father, Gehn, a madman who wants to destroy his own son.  Along the way, you encounter people, puzzles, awesome creatures (like Sunners and Wahrks), and dazzling special effects.Just like on Myst Island, the clues you discover on the five islands in Riven are what reveal the story to you.  &quot;Riven&quot; is increasingly more complex than &quot;Myst&quot; in that regard.  Everything is just bigger and, in my opinion, better.  The graphics have improved tremendously; the Quicktime videos used for all the animations in the game are improved; the puzzles are harder and are more integrated into the storyline than ever before; and there is actually character interaction in this game - much more so than simply meeting people through Prison Books, like in &quot;Myst.&quot;&quot;Riven&quot; is definitely habit-forming.  The first time I played it, I ended up just walking around and looking at everything before I decided to actually begin my journey on rescuing Catherine.  When you step out into the open a few minutes after the real action begins, the sense of &quot;this is gonna be bigger and more immersive than Myst&quot; sets in.I cannot say enough positive things about &quot;Riven.&quot;  I end up playing it more than &quot;Myst&quot; and have sometimes preferred it over &quot;Myst III: Exile.&quot;  To say I am fascinated with everything on those five islands is an understatement.  I sometimes with I could actually go to the Riven Age and explore; that's how seriously disturbed I really am!In short, if you love the &quot;Myst Phenomenon,&quot; get &quot;Riven.&quot;  &quot;Riven&quot; improves upon pretty much everything that made &quot;Myst&quot; such an awesome success.  Let it capture your heart and your imagination like it did mine.prediction:4
reviewText:Ape Escape is an awesome game with amazing graphics and great storyline. The game has over 200 different monkeys, each with hilarious attitudes. This was (no doubt) my favorite game of all time, cuz I just love playing adventure/platform games. This game is not easy to beat if you want to complete it 100%. There are time trials for almost every level and cool mini-games. It took me over a month to beat the game 100%, but I'm just an average gamer. I recommend this game, cuz it's fun, exciting, cool, and CHEAP $$$!prediction:4
reviewText:The battle system could of been a lot better.  Number one: There's too many battles in the first place.  You take three steps you get in a battle.  You walk two steps to get somewhere and you end up in a battle.  You take one step, most likely you'll get in a battle.  Also, let me point out that once you're in a battle, you can't move around.  And plus summoning whatever it is you're trying to summon, like Thunder or something, you have to press eighty buttons just to summon it at once.  It's hard to do.  However, I think that the game was engaging and never let ya go.  It was entertaining, and it is undoubtedly worth the twenty bucks$...but...the battle system could of been a lot better, I'm sorry.prediction:4
reviewText:As a video game perfectionist, I have played this game repeatedly over and over and over again in the past 8 years it's been available for two reasons. One, to experience the game that it is again and again....this game never gets old or boring....EVER. I'll be 80 years old and I would turn to this game to play it instead of helping the wife find her dentures.The second reason is because I am currently in a play-through of this game that I intend to make the absolute PERFECT file....and I am actually 2 Chocobracelets and 1 Precious Watch away from doing so.By perfect (and I could go on forever here, since it took me forever without cheating whatsoever to achieve perfection) I mean EVERY ITEM, (Vagyrisk Claw, Earth Mallet, Fourth Bracelet, Behemoth Horn, or Umbrella anyone? Those are just a few of the rarest items int he game) ALL AVAILABLE MATERIAS (set up on all 8 characters with the perfect combination so you can go into any and all battles, press attack once or cast Knights of the Round once, put the controller down, and go take a leak while the game beats itself)Also, I have 99 of all the items possible to have 99 of....except some of the weapons and armor....you don't really need 99 Gold bangles or 99 W-Machine guns....one of each weapon and 8 of each armor will suffice....one for each character.And lastly, and this is the hardest and most important to achieve- 255 status of EVERY possible stat- Strength, Speed, Luck, Vitality, Spirit, and Magic....I've spent over 600 hours alone in the crashed Gelnika morphing enemies for the sources to max out my stats....and it is no easy task....you'll need to morph about 170 Unknown 1's for Power Sources PER CHARACTER, 210 Poodlers for Speed Sources PER CHARACTER, 230 Bad Rap's for Luck Sources PER CHARACTER, 170 Unknown 2's for Guard Sources PER CHARACTER, 180 Serpents for Mind Sources (the hardest one to obtain) PER CHARACTER, and 170 Unknown 3's for Magic Sources....PER CHARACTER. So in the end you're looking at morphing over 9,000 enemies....fun fun fun....but if you're dedicated (or insane, whatever you like) like me....it can be done.I love this game so much, and am so dedicated from all these years, I could go into a boss battle stripped of all materia and weapons and armor and not take a hit....and win the battle with ease. 255 Luck evades all enemy hits on me.... 255 Strength guarantees a hell of a hit on the enemy in retaliation for even thinking they can touch me. Not to mention the 255 Speed....allowing me to get in sometimes 2 or 3 hits on the enemy before they can even notice who just killed their pathetic a$$....heheGraphics, sound, playability, controls....etc....all 10 out of 10.[...]Don't miss out on the experience that is Final Fantasy 7!!!prediction:4
reviewText:It wasn't until the Greatest Hits version came out that I ever really took an interest in Final Fantasy VII. I guess it was because I wanted to pursue the game in my own time. Besides, back when this game first came out, you hardly ever found a copy on the shelf to buy. I was always one of the unlucky ones, it seemed. Finally, after obtaining a copy for myself, I got to see what all the 'hoopla' was about.The story, itself(as you probably already know by playing it), is about Cloud Strife. Cloud is a mercenary who joins with a group of others(Avalanche) to stop a megacorporation callled Shinra. Shinra is draining the life of the planet to use as an energy source. Course, the story progresses and deepens when Sephiroth(the game's main antagonist) comes into play. Sephiroth's part in this story?...if the world is damaged, its' Lifestream will gather together in an attempt to heal the wound. Sephiroth plans to use a powerful spell called "Meteor" to cause this injury, and then merge with the planet's energy, allowing him to be reborn as a god. Then, he plans to rule over the planet.Final Fantasy VII has a long history behind it. FF7 was planned, first, as a new game for the SNES and was quickly moved to Nintendo's new system at the time, the Nintendo 64. Due to lack of catridge storage capacity, it eventually led to a dispute between Nintendo and Square that resulted in Square ending its long relationship with Nintendo.  Square decided, from that point, to release Final Fantasy VII for the Sony Playstation. The game has went on to sell well over 9.8 Million copies worldwide. It's spawned a series of other games under the FF7 name but none have quite reached the status that the original has. A remake has been rumored for quite some time now but, as of yet, no remake has been produced by Square. My opinion on the remake or lack thereof? Well, considering at to how they made a killing on fans buying the first game when it came out, it's almost guaranteed that they would make a killing a second time. I don't understand why they won't give the fans what they want. They'd come out alot better because of it. It would, definitely, put them back on top as the leader of RPGs..to be sure. Course, enough on the subject, right?Onto the meat of this review..What do I think of Final Fantasy VII?? First and foremost, it is quite an achievement in the RPG genre. It was the RPG where players found themselves in a three-dimensional world that, after playing the game, they actually felt like they'd went on an epic journey. It's the only game other than Legend of Zelda:Ocarina of Time where I ever felt that way. It was also the first RPG to really evoke some emotion out of me. The characters weren't two-dimensional, they had character and you could invest in that. It helped set the standard for all other RPGs to follow to this day. Too bad, though, you hardly see traditional turn-based RPGs like these anymore.  Sure, you may on the Nintendo DS and the Sony Playstation Portable but not much on any of the console systems these days. While it may seem dated in a time when everything is in 3-D and not 3-D on prerendered backgrounds, it still stands the test of time. The story holds up as well, even if it is a little hard to figure things out at times. The battles are engaging and the game is just fun! While I won't say it's my most favorite FF game; it's one of the games that got me hooked on RPGs. There's never a shortage of good things that can be said about this game.Do I have any gripes about the game? Just one thing...the ending.  The ending is kind of sudden and, as another reviewer stated elsewhere, it just ends. Not quite like Legacy of Kain:Soul Reaver did back in the day, though...nothing like that. The way it ends leaves you wanting more. Maybe it was intended to be that way...you think?All in all, Final Fantasy VII is a game that I highly highly recommend that everyone(and I do mean everyone) should play-at least once-even if you're not into RPGs. It'll definitely give you a better understanding of RPGs and why people love playing them so much.prediction:4
reviewText:This, for me, was truly a wonderful experience. I've played this game countless times, yet over and over I find myself wondering why. When I first played this game, I had no idea I was immersing myself into the abstract but gorgeous world of Final Fantasy VII. You are the hero, of course, and you're out to save the world, one step at a time. And really, that's exactly what you do in FFVII. In classic Final Fantasy style, the seventh game in the series brings Cloud, a mercenary now working for a terrorist group, into your head. As you play, you can really understand where the characters come from and what their real selves are like. It might sound weird, but this is truly an incredible game. A wonderful experience for anyone who likes this series, or anyone looking for an absolutely outstanding story.prediction:4
reviewText:You know a game is probably pretty good when it has over 1,200 reviews written about it.  This review, hopefully, will be slightly different than most - I love RPGs, but never played FFVII back in the day and just completed it for the first time.  So I'm not really biased due to loving the game back in my younger years and will try to review with an objective eye.As you can probably gather from the mountain of other reviews, this was the game that, for better and worse, changed the RPG genre.  The, somewhat dense, storyline basically revolves around Cloud and company in their quest to save the planet from various forces (mainly the evil company Shinra and, the very VERY evil, bad guy Sephiroth).  Several traditional RPG elements are present - battle monsters, equip magic, find new and better weapons, grind your character up, etc...So, what made the game different?  Basically, two things (in my opinion).  The first, as talked about above, is the storyline.  Yeah, it's the typical, "save the world" stuff that can be found in oodles of other RPGs, but this it is different - it was deep, filled with twists and turns, and was more like an actual story you would find in a novel.  Some would say the story borders on being convoluted (a complaint I have a hard time arguing with), but it holds up well today and was nothing short of groundbreaking 10-15 years ago.The second was the amazing graphics and cut scenes.  Of course, neither are nearly as good as the more recent stuff, but again it was revolutionary at the time and everybody loved it.  Combining the "fun" elements of RPGs that were already present with a deeper story and amazing graphics and it is no wonder this is one of the most beloved games of all time.Still, the game does have its warts.  First, it is a very linear story.  Part of the charm of some of those early Final Fantasy games (and other RPGs) was the feeling you could explore the entire world.  Here, for about two-thirds of the game, you have no control over where your characters go or what happens (it's really like reading a book).  By the time you actually get the airship (and can really start exploring) you are just about ready for the final showdown.  Plus some of the really cool weapons to found cannot be obtained until you have virtually completed the game (Final Fantasy games have done this for years, and I have never understood it, what is the point of these amazing weapons when, by the time you can acquire them, your characters are so leveled up they are killing everything with ease anyway?).The second major issue, touched on above, is the fact that this story is tough to keep up with at times.  I've played Crisis Core (the prequel to this game) and that helped a lot, but there are times when you are just going to be like, "what in the blue sane h*ll is going on here?" Yeah, the story is different, but different isn't always better.Overall, the game is one of those games that should be played by all gamers.  Yeah, there are problems (the story, the somewhat dated graphics, the linear game play), but it's still an amazing play.  By the way, you can download the game from the Playstation Store for both the PSP and PS3 for [...]- so do not pay these insanely high prices.prediction:4
reviewText:This is probably the best RPG that ever has and ever will be released. I've had it since it's release in 1997 and beat it several times and I plan to again. It just doesn't get old. The graphics are still great, but a little outdated of course because technology is getting better. But it still looks pretty. The battle system is the best of any of the Final Fantasy games, even the newer ones. In fact, I think that the battle system of FF7 is the best of any RPG. The music composition is great as well, even if it is just one guy on a synthesizer. It's great. Let's see; the gameplay is perfect, the music is perfect, the battle system is perfect, the character's are loveable, and the best part is...the story. This game is truly a classic and I recommend it to collectors and gamers alike.prediction:4
reviewText:Ever since 1997 I got in the habit of beating this at least once a year. I love this game so much that I never get tired of playing it. There are very few games that I fall in love with and have to play over and over. Mass Effect, Heavy Rain, and Fable to name a few. The story is great, the characters are very memorable, and it has one of the best villains out of most of the games I've played. At certain points in the game you actually feel there is no way you can win against a guy like Sephiroth and why bother.Yeah the graphics may be outdated and the characters may be blocky looking but that is no reason not to play this game. The story is great and kept me interested all the way to the end. If you like playing Final Fantasy but haven't tried any of the older ones, this is a great place to start. It's a stand alone game and has nothing to do with the other ones ( even though it is the seventh game). I love it and still plan on beating it at least once a year for as long as I can.prediction:4
reviewText:I realized how much I sucked at RPG's when I beat this game purely by chance but I still love it and think it's one of the best games in the franchise. The graphics are horrible but being a game from 1997, you can't really expect them to look much better than the Picasso cubic figures that they are. The animation scenes are fantastic though but that leads me to believe that had they gone to a four disc format like VIII, the gameplay graphics would have been enhanced a great deal. The story is great and just like the other FF titles, the underlying messages are pretty powerful as well. The Final Fantasy games don't just serve an entertainment purpose but they also try to tell you about important things in the world and life.I hope Square Enix believes FFXV is a better game than VII so that it can finally be remade in HD. FFVII is a classic. Good luck trying to "beat" it. *crosses fingers*prediction:4
reviewText:Released in 1997, FFVII is considered one of the best RPG's ever created. Here is my review on this masterpiece!Graphics: 10/10 Now, a lot of the reviewers are complaining that the graphics bite, and thus giving it one star. What is wrong with gamers today? All they care about is graphics, not gameplay. Back then, the graphics looked REVOLUTIONARY! And don't give me any of the "Oh, they sucked even back then!" That's not true.  Just read the back of the box.  Sure, the character designs on the field looked bad, but the battle graphics, backgrounds, and FMV's make these look great!Sound/music 10/10 Clash! Bang! Boom! Lots of neat sound effects! As for music, well the final boss music is the best piece of music ever. The heavy-metal boss theme is cool!Story 10/10 I don't know why everybody bashes this. It starts out simple, then turns complex with many twists and turns and a lot of character development.Gameplay 1000/10The game is  LONG! The battle system is AWESOME!  Lots of cool mani-games! Chocobo-breeding! Lots of swearing! Tough optional bosses! I could keep telling you about it, but I don't wanna! Ha!Buy? BUY! BUY BUY! This is one of the coolest games! Best of all, it's cheap. I can imangine, 100 years from now, everybody will still be talking about this game! If you want a feast of music, graphics, gameplay, and spicy language, buy this!EDIT: 12/01/05WTF's with the Monster's Inc. cover?prediction:4
reviewText:There is very little about this game that can't be enjoyed.  Because of that simple statement and resident fact, the game has become an absolute joy and cultural icon in the gaming world.  If you've gamed, you've heard about FFVII, if you've played Final Fantasies before, you've most likely been inundated with information about this FF.  Ten to one, you've probably played it.  Over and over and over again.  And for good reason.If you're a stickler for graphics, this is not your game.  True, there are patches for the computer version that makes the graphics of the characters a bit more bearable, but half the charm is the ludicrously sharp angles and style that was just pulling out of 16-bit gaming.  The cut scenes, for its time, were remarkable and had blown our young minds away all those years ago.  Now, however, it pales in comparison to what is being put out on next gen software.  Still, if you can look past the blocky animation the game will still blow your mind.It's a game that you actually, go figure, have to WORK at.  The easiest route is not always the most accessible and you'll spend a lot of time bashing poor Cloud, the main character, into walls trying to find the damn door.  On top of that, you have to battle beasts that aren't going to level up or down with you to present a challenge.  They are what they are and if you can't beat them you better be ready to run around the world a couple hundred times leveling yourself and your characters.  But, the upside to that is the convenience of crap to do!  There's a whole world of mini games and side quests that take up a majority of your time and energy.  The main story is captivating and you wish to see it to its conclusion, but at the same time Gold Saucer and Chocobo Breeding might very well make you into an addict.  This makes the game, in the later hours, a bit easy to beat since you might very well grab every summon and every materia known to the Planet, which will make your characters into walking, talking nuclear bombs without the fallout.The characters are all very rounded and all have a depth of story to them that is very typical of Final Fantasy, but they are not loosely connected by coincidence, but rather a drive to see the world saved.  Their reasons are all unique to them and it makes the story as believable as any since we all know what it's like to be part of a group that stands for something, even if it's something small.  The antagonist is just as round.  Sephiroth is as complicated as the rest and will present quite a challenge to you as you progress through the game.There were many breakthroughs with this game that helped to pave the road for future FFs and separate future RPGs, but it makes it no less fun to play because it's so called "old" or "outdated".  A definite gem, worth the time and effort, and all kinds of fun.prediction:4
reviewText:I don't even know where to begin.  This is the game that made me want a PlayStation in the first place.  The story....jeez, it's better than most books.  It has so much, so many twists, and lots of unexpected surprises, that once you finish this great game, you'll feel proud of yourself, and you'll go to everyone and say &quot;I JUST BEAT FINAL FANTASY 7! YES!&quot;  It's that good. The FMV is excellent, I wouldn't expect anything else for Sqaresoft, and the music fits the mood.  The in-game graphics could use some work.  They have blocks for hands and have no mouths, but it's the graphics are not THAT important.  With battle, don't expect this to be a shooter or anything, the battle system is called Turned based.  That means that each character has a meeter, and when it fills up, they can attack, cast magic, summon a monster, or whatever.  One annoying thing about battles, is that when you walk around, there are too many random battles.  One fun thing to do is equiping weapons, armor, and materia.  Materia is the magic get to use.  It's also the summons.  The game world is HUGE.  It is.  And there is so much to do, that the list is nameless, and it's just like a real world.  There is also a place where you can breed chocobos, they are giant birds.  Doing this takes a long time, but it's very rewarding.  THat's just one of the things you can do.  Trust me, GET THIS GAME!prediction:4
reviewText:Ok...  This game is way way way too under-rated!!!  What's wrong with everyone.  I know the graphics are not as good as any later RPG games.  But does that really matter that much?!  he storyline is an absolute kick, too.  I can't believe some people don't like it!  Yeah, it might be a little confusing at first, but as you put yourself in the game, it really gets much better!  The good thing about this game is that you can have many different choices and events going on everytime you play it.  Choose different options the second time you play it and you can get different responses and items!  I'm not gonna say this game is the best b/c everyone has different opinions, but this game is really a great RPG kick!  And all you people who do not agree with me, try to stop comparing this game to all these other new RPGs and the later Final Fantasies that has like perfect graphics and other advanced techs.  View this game as a whole new RPG that you have never heard or thought about, then maybe you will start to appreciate the beauty of it.  This is really a great game, I will never regret buying this RPG!!!And I don't know if you noticed, but check the other reviews, many of the reviewers do not know how to use the ratings and gave it 1 star or 0 stars when they actually intend to give it full stars!!!  So this game is really greater than its rating!!!prediction:4
reviewText:I remember back in the old Playstation days where Final Fantasy 7 was all that you wanted play, which is not surprising since this very unique game has a very touching plot, graphics that are so very sharp, characters that you remember--even 7 years back from the game; it's just a solid RPG game that should never be turned down---anybody will love this game.  Continue on to hear details that I remember from FF7.The music was amazing.  The music from many battles, where Cloud, the main character, faces enemies that are "in his way", let's put it, is very powerful and makes your heart race.  Orchestrated, how would you say, music composed from a symphonic orchestra, just pure classical music--THROUGHOUT the entire game!  It's great!  One of the many strong points in this game.Cloud, the main character, starts off in a large, urbanized city, which you will see once you start the game, once you get off the train with that big muscular guy your with.  This huge city you're in is defiantly humungous, it really is; skyscrapers, apartments, high rise buildings and smokestacks, it's impressive I'm telling you, and, you guessed, you're going to have to explore the whole city in this adventure!  There will be instances where Cloud meets friends in different places as you progress through the game--apartments, hospitals, high-rise towers.The story is very real with characters that respond like in real life.  For example, I was playing a quarter of the way through the game, where we (Cloud, other dude, a couple other of Cloud's friends) had to walk up many flights of stairs to the top of this monstrously tall building---Cloud's friend gets tired of going up the whole stairway, "how much longer do we have to go".  That was when Cloud had to face another chaotic enemy, this time on the exterior elevator--hey it's challenging, but at least you get a good view of the city from a 1,000 feet up!.....Another instance is where, in this large scientific industry, Cloud falls off a bridge (not a bridge, just an overpass to walk on), 500 feet up in the air, with his girlfriend shouting for help---a very great movie sequence that I recall vividly.Obviously, I remember FF7 very well, because this game is like a movie that you, as Cloud, progress through, with obstacles, battles, conflict, even love scenes with Cloud and his girlfriend (don't worry--that's nothing compared to today's standards). I tell you, without the enthralling and emotional, orchestrated music, this game would not be so great.  But the FF7 has it...music that is very suitable for the battleground, hideous situations, emotional moments, and many more instances.Overall, this game is spectacular and it will leave an impression on you.  This game is that good, and I'm telling you, you definitely need to get this game!prediction:4
reviewText:At a first glance, Final Fantasy VII appears to have boxy graphics, lack of special effects, and perhaps even a dull story-line with the stoic hero, Cloud Strife.  However, this game offers so much more than what a quick glance can give.  The characters' graphics may not be fully detailed, but their personalities and body language make up for all of that.  Each character was thoughtfully created with unique story, background,and demeanor.  Unlike many of the Final Fantasy games, one does not get to know the villan as well as the mighty Sephiroth on Final Fantasy VII.  I hated him, yet felt sorry for him at the same time. To make it an even more intriguing game along side of the story-line and character development, the battle system was well constructed.  The Materia system allowed the player to equip Materia, (magic) to their weapons.  (Certain weapons had more Materia slots than others)  When some Materia is linked together such as -All- and -Lighting- it can create an overall attack on all the enemies versus just one. Though some may debate that the graphics sucked, one has to understand that this game came out in 1997.  Graphics six years ago were bound to be worse than what they are now.Pros: Characters that were deeply thought out and well woven into the plotA fun and addicting battle systemSeveral mini-games and great incentives for winningChocobo breeding and racingCons: Graphics may bother those that are use to newer gamesOverall, this game has so much to offer.  I am always tempted to replay it because of things I missed, such as getting Cloud's final limit break Omnislash or beating Ruby and Emerald Weapon.  Just twenty minutes into the game, I was hooked.  It was the first RPG I had ever played and ever since I loved the genre.Final Fantasy VII is worth all the Five Stars I give, because I believe it set the standard to the RPGs to follow.prediction:4
reviewText:First let me start off by saying that Final Fantasy VII was the beginning of the next generation of gamming, and I'm not just talking about PS1 games, I'm talking about all big games of the present day. FFVII is and was the blueprint for all the "next generation" games of today. Now that's out of the way let's talk about the game. FFVII is still the greatest RPG of all time, graphically the game shows it's age (circa 1997), and the game play isn't exactly the easy moving/user friendly style we're used to today, but those so called draw backs don't hinder the awesome story, the great fantasy atmosphere, and the wonderful characters including Cloud, the quiet and reserved hero of the story and of course Sephiroth, who is in my opinion the greatest bad guy gamming has ever seen (any fan of this game knows what I'm talking about). I'm not going to tell you about the story because I don't want to ruin a great experience, just take my word for it, Final Fantasy VII is still my favorite video game of all time and if you give this masterpiece a chance you wont be disappointed. Five stars!prediction:4
reviewText:Excellently plotted and paced, FF7 features several well-developed characters (event the minor characters get some character development), a very well-developed villain, plenty of optional quests and things to do off the main quest, and a great score.The plot unfolds throughout the game, picking up its pace toward the end, but not falling prey to the common problem of tying up all the plot threads in two minutes.  It's well-paced, the plot twists arising out of the characters and situations as presented, and nothing really shows up as a deus ex machina (except for the bit with the blasted snake ...)The characters are generally well-developed;  while the three main characters get most of the development, each of the other characters, including the optional ones, get a few scenes with insight into their actions or their pasts.  These characters also have reasons to be working together, rather than just thrown together haphazardly. The female characters are excellent, though Aeris is just a bit TOO perky.The villain is excellent, well-handled and well-developed.  The lesser villains and some of the other NPCs also get a bit of character development (the optional quest in Wutai with the Turks has to be one of my favorite bits in the game), And the villains' actions make sense within the context.The materia system is complicated.  Expect to spend some time fussing with it to understand how it works.  This is not necessarily a negative, mind.The music is great.  From what I understand, it's a distinct departure from the earlier games, but I haven't played them.  There are a few mediocre pieces, such as Honeybee Manor, but the truly excellent pieces, such as the Turks' Theme, Nightmare's Beginning (Vincent's Theme), and One-Winged Angel (final battle music), more than make up for them, and there are no truly annoying God-don't-play-this-song-again pieces in it.The only real problem I have with this game, is that the FMVs can't be skipped (there's only so many times you can watch the thing with the gondola ...) and that the last battle, especially if you've done the optional quests, is too easy.prediction:4
reviewText:I don't know where to even begin my praises for FF7 because everything about it is exceptional. The graphics are probably the first thing one should notice. The characters look much like blocks of polygons, but the backgrounds are sweeping and beautiful and the FM7's are seamless. The music is orchestral and extremely emotional -- Aeris's theme is my favorite, but one can't forget One Winged Angel, which really heightened the feeling of the final battle.But my favorite part is the plot. In its complexity it is beautiful -- there is no possible way to understand it until one has played it more than once. It talks so much of self-sacrifice and giving oneself for a greater cause; of self-doubt and self-searching; of the greater knowledge and wisdom that the planet holds. The characters' lives and pasts weave in and out of each other and each event sets off another deeper into the future.prediction:4
reviewText:I love the story in this game ,the battle system,music,just everything about this game is good (yes the graphics are are bad but i dont care because its the first 3-d one they did and second its an old game) so i would just like to say by this game you will spend hours playing it.prediction:4
reviewText:The graphics are dated and the story's mediocre. The game is still good. Let's face it, people. There will never be a perfect RPG, but this one is good. You've all heard the story, yet here's what's great about it. Really good side quests, beliveable charecters, and beatiful movies. What's bad is the plot, the graphics, and the last boss. That's it. Goodbye.prediction:4
reviewText:...the artwork is bad...there...I've said it...This was the first FF to ever become 3D and for that it should be revolutionary alone but the best part is the storyline. The characters grow on you and there is a twist at the end (if I told you it wouldn't be a surprise) and all characters are individual even though some characters are barely used (does anyone put Cait Sith in their party?).The gameplay uses the ATB system and learning comes from the materia system which allows you to customise what characters can learn. And not to mention the puzzles from sneaking into the Dons mansion, to finding a way to defeat the Emerald weapon.This game will keep you entertained for years. BUY IT!!!prediction:4
reviewText:I was one of the people who were die-hard Final Fantasy fanatics way before the mainstream hype. Furthermore, I was a fan of FF7 way before it got all hyped-up. While FF6 is still my favorite, the sheer magnitude of revolutionary changes that this game brought about, not only for the franchise, but for the industry altogether, make this game well-deserving of its current fan-base, and subsequent prequel and sequel. The story is immersive and fulfilling for those interested in getting into the intricacies of it. The gameplay is original. The RPG aspects are unique. The graphics are tolerable, unless you are a picky, new-age gamer. One must keep in mind that for it's time, the graphics and CGI cut-scenes were extraordinary. This game was the first to introduce the ultimate weapons and super-bosses to the franchise. Although, it is the first to keep them attainable and within reason. No obnoxious grinding or farming necessary to attain victory. Just the classic strategies and game play that make Final Fantasy great.Anyone hesitant because of its current status, or its vintage status, or any other reason, should give it a chance. I can assure any respectable gamer that they will be pleasantly surprised by this outstanding title. Greatest game ever to some; outstanding adventure to me.prediction:4
reviewText:Unquestionbly the best RPG ever, and a strong candidate for the best game ever, Square's Playstation-debut 'Final Fantasy 7' still stands the test of time today as one of their strongest titles in recent memory, and a sort of 'How-To' guide to getting computer games right.Released in 1997 on a tidal wave of publicity, rumours (remember the memory card debate??) and expectations, Final fantasy 7 took people's preconceptions of the genre and utterly redefined them. Gone were the traditional top-down viewpoints, the 1-dimensional characters, and the boring spell effects, and we watched in amazement at hitherto-unparalleled graphics and a completely revolutionary storyline showed us exactly how good a RPG could be. Winning legions of new fans over to the genre, FF 7 fully deserved it's blockbusting, best-selling status.FF 7 follows the story of Cloud Strife, a young mercenary-for-hire, and his attempts to stop his ex-colleague and nemesis Sephiroth from destroying the world. Along the way he meets some memorable characters, makes friends and discovers who he truly is.The strongest selling point of FF 7 at the time of it's release was the graphics, which today, understandably, have been surpassed several times over. However, some moments in the game still hold their own against the modern consoles, and for a seven year-old game, that's no small feat. What remains today is one of the best storylines ever, coupled with some of the smoothest game mechanics in videogaming history.The emotion behind the characters of Aeris, Cloud, Sephiroth etc., is something which games developers have only recently started to latch on to - for example, 'Silent Hill 2' and 'Fatal Frame' go deep into the psychology of emotion - but in a character and story-driven game like FF 7, the depth of attachment we form with the characters is simply amazing. It's impossible to treat FF 7 as a piece of retro-gaming, such is the depth of development behind the storyline. It tackles subjects like political upheaval, religion, self-worth - and does it all in such a way as to force us to mentally attach ourselves to the little people running about on the screen.The gameplay, too, is superb, with an easy menu system and full in-game tutorials being accessible at pretty much any point in the game. The difficulty level is pitched exactly right, there's a steady learning curve and monsters and battles become significantly harder as you progress, but not so hard as to be prohibitive. Puzzles and secrets abound, and each time you play (and you WILL play it multiple times) you discover several new features that you didn't see before. With typical Square finnesse, the game options are customisable so battles and cut-scenes don;t have to take up too much time, and the whole game moves at a speed which you, the player, dictate.I can't rave enough. Possibly equalled in terms of absorbing entertainment only by it's own sequels, FF 7 is still a rewarding, hugely entertaining, and very special game. Totally recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:This was by far my favorite RPG game! all the other final fantasies and others are good but this one just blew me away! the graphics may not be the best but the touching and unforgettable storyline makes up for that. the characters are soo cool and if someone tried to improve this game it would beVERY hard because it's already perfect. I'd definetly recomend this game.. i've played tons of video games and this is still my fav. even though it's older!!prediction:4
reviewText:I'll admit, the first time I ever played this game, I wasn't that into it. The main reason was that there, in my opinion, too many damn mini-games that were kinda hard (I STILL can't figure out how to get in line with the soldiers at the parade in I think Junon). Also, the music, while very emotional, is very very sad. So is the story... it got a little depressing to me.But that was the first time I played it. Now I'm playing it again (this is my third time and I just beat the game about 6 months ago), and I'm finding the mini-games aren't quite as difficult; I'm not getting lost nearly as much, and I've gotta say the music's not quite so depressing anymore either. Also, I think it helps to play Crisis Core (PSP prequel to the game) or at least watch Advent Children (movie whose plot takes place about 2 years after the events of the PS game). The story is still quite sad, but it works. I think anyone who is into RPGs will definitely enjoy this one.prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy 7 is a masterpiece.  What a cliche!  Masterpiece; a term suggesting the undisputed magnum opus of an already venerable company.  Many things gain this mark, but few live up to their expectation.  Final Fantasy 7 does.In many ways, Final Fantasy 7 is far from perfect.  The graphics, compared to today, are dated, grainy, and harsh.  The storyline reeks of cliche-ridden overtones.  The characters seem generic.  However, this is all a product of subsequent games.Final Fantasy 7 defined the 3D graphical engine used in almost all of today's RPGs.  Its characters, still fresh, were very unique, emotionally unstable, and enjoyable to read about.  The storyline spins off numerous tangents and undertones that suggested a fully functioning, realistic world that presents real-life human troubles.This is far from a typical RPG.  From its conception, it redefined the genre and introduced the RPG to about 3 million new gamers.  Saying that Final Fantasy 7 single-handedly elevated RPGs from niche to mainstream status would be far from an erraneous statement.Considering all of these things, a person skeptical about playing Final Fantasy 7 should grant reconsideration.  Though it is far from the prettiest and most unique of games, it does represent the model that all of today's successful RPGs follow.  And, in this case, the model is more radiant than its spinoffs.prediction:4
reviewText:Ilove this game,its its just breathtaking. It has a great story, but the graphics could have had a bit of work. If you love a  good RPG get this game. I said get this game!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:This Final Fantasy 7 is one of the most influenced games of all time. The fan bases for this one game blows out all FF fan base out of the water. Never has any other FF game seen such an influenced with multiple related games/story characters found in different games. Multiple Movies. Toys, cards, etc based on this game. Why was that all necessary for this one game?It's just that DAMN AWESOME! This game has everything! Story, characters, battle system, music, humor and more! If it didn't why else did this game influenced so many other things that followed it after? Because it was just damn awesome!You can play this game over and over before getting tried of it, but you will keep it in your hearts forever. The amazing game play, the amazing characters, and amazing graphics. (Back in those days.)They just can't make anything that even comes close to what they did back then. I wish they did, but they can't! It was just too well done! lolprediction:4
reviewText:I think that this is truly one of the best rpg's of all time for the PS. It is very fun and addicting I have played it for around 60 hours and it is still good. It takes a while to beat and get everything so you should play this game for a good amount of time so it is worth buying. Also the summonings in this game are cool. The only down side is that the cg's they are alright for when it came out but now. Other than that this is proably one of the best games I have ever played for the PS.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a fantastic game. Its got a great storyline full of twists and turns. It has a lot of optional dungeons and bosses an optional characters too. Its your average 40 hours but obtaining the gold chocobo and gttings couds final limit break can be chalenging and take hours themselves. I recommend this game.prediction:4
reviewText:FFVII is a role playing game where your decisions during the game will effect the overall outcome of the game. You are in control of a character named Cloud, an ex member of the famed Soldier from Shinra Inc. Cloud, along with a group of freedom fighters by the name of AVALANCHE, try to free the city of Midgar from the evil clutches of the president of Shinra Inc. Along the way Cloud befriends a young flower girl, a scientific experiment specimen, a fortune teller, an assasin, a ninja, and an ex pilot who help him in freeing Midgar. But there is an even deeper evil at work here as Cloud and his friends discover that the greatest Soldier in the world, Sephiroth, plans to destroy the entire world. Now with the help of his newfound comrades, Cloud must face his teenage past, and face his teenage idol in a climatic battle for the freedom of the world and the destruction of evil.Final Fantasy VII introduces a new time based system for battle sequences. Instead of taking turns hitting each other, the time based system makes it so that you have to wait a specific amount of time to attack again. The world map lets you travel anywhere and do almost anything. With stunning cinematography and dazzling graphics, Final Fantasy VII is truly the cream of the crop and the best role playing game this world has ever seen.Bottom Line: Arguably the best game for the Playstation console. Final Fantasy VII caps them all.prediction:4
reviewText:I just finished writing a review of the excellent soundtrack to this game and realised I hadn't even written a review for the game, so here goes.  In my opinion this is the greatest video game of any genre, of all time.  The Final Fantasy series in general is probably my favourite series of games (awaiting XII eagerly), and VII is the best of all.What makes it the best?  It has to be the plot, which by gaming standards is superb, the angst driven main character is overdone in RPG's but it works to good effect here.  Sephiroth is another reason, he is the best bad-guy in a game ever, he is just pure evil.  He causes the plot to be more unpredictable than your average RPG, who honestly expected him to kill Aeris, when they first played through?  Main characters rarely die in these sort of games.  It is just a joy to play in every sense, the mini games compliment it well, including in the Gold Saucer.  The soundtrack is great, of course the graphics are now dated, but it doesn't detract from the gameplay at all, a true masterpiece, if you don't own it already, you couldn't do any better than to buy it now!prediction:4
reviewText:I had never played this game until this year; I wanted to see if this game lived up to its name.My previous experience with this series includes X, XI, and a touch of XIII; I have to say that while I enjoy parts of X, on the whole I hate these games.  Most of this hatred stems from having more hours of cut scenes than hours of actual gameplay.  I also like RPG's to have a roaming element; I like being able to explore and I like finding sidequests and items.  I did not get that with these titles.  I expected FFVII to be the same and just riding its reputation.Bad news first.  This is a PlayStation 1 game, and oh my does it look it.  This is an ugly game.  Battles aren't bad and cut scenes could be worse, but walking around is bad.  When exploring an area, it's often difficult to identify exits, ramps and ladders, and various &#34;switches.&#34;  There's a command that highlights ladders and exits to other areas, but ramps and switches are still hidden.  This option has saved me some headaches, but it's aesthetically displeasing.  RPG's hadn't started the &#34;journal&#34; thing yet, so skipping dialogue (even accidentally) or coming back to game after a busy week can lead to some confusion.  I'm not crazy about the combat system.  Combat isn't intuitive and that there are far too many status effects.Good news.  The characters are varied and this together with the materia system allows for a wonderful amount of customization and different play styles.  The characters themselves, while definitely cliche, have decent back-stories and fairly strong characterization.  I've heard a lot of complaints about character angst in this game, but I think those complaints are exaggerations and what little angst is there matches the story and characters well.  The plot itself is solid and has plenty of twists.  The combat system works.  I say it's complicated and unintuitive, but it functions well and allows experimentation with different tactics.  Most sidequests are fun, and while you don't need the sidequest rewards to beat the game, those prizes are often very powerful.  The cut scenes are well done, always convey something relevant, and never overstay their welcome.Summary:  The graphics are bad and can get in the way of the game, but this is the only thing that doesn't hold up well.  It's a long, fun game with plenty of replay value.  The combat is complex, but it works well and that complexity allows the player to be creative and to try some very interesting things.  This game certainly has its problems, but its quality is undeniable and it's rapidly becoming my favorite game.prediction:4
reviewText:I have played thousands of games, spent countless hours on them.  I have played the best with titles such as Grand Theft Auto Vice City, and I have played some of the worst like TOtal Recall.  However throughout all the games that I have played only one stands out as the number one game of all time.  That title is Final Fantasy 7.What makes Final Fantasy 7 so great, especially considering the past titles, the sequels, and other great titles such as Dragon Warrior Series, BReath of Fire, and so on.  It has a special something that few games really have.  Any game can draw you into a story, hell old NES titles such as Ninja Gaiden and Zelda could do that.  However what makes this so great is that it is one of the select few titles in the relm of video gmaes that can do something that no other games can, but I shall reveal that later.  LEts talk about the game.FInal Fantasy 7 starts off like an action movie might.  You control Cloud Strife, an ex-soldier (equivelent to the  NAvy Seals) who is now a mercenary for hire.  He is currently working for the terrorist organization known as Avalanche ran by Barrett, a big burly black man with a chaingun for a hand.  His second in command is a girl named Tifa who was a childhood friend of clouds.  After a few succesful missions cloud is seperated from the team where he meets up with a young girl named Aeris.  Little does cloud realize at first is that Aeris is beign pursued by the conglomerate Shinra (Shinra is what Avalanche is trying to bring down.).  CLoud decideds to help her out but when she is kidnapped he must rescue her.  MEanwhile a ghost from the past returns to not only haunt him, but destroy the world.This is the main focus of the first few hours.  The story itself will slowly evolve into something that if you show dedication to than you will be very satisfied when it is all said and done.  Now lets talk about some technical aspects.The graphics for the time are outstanding, however when compared to today it is proof of how dated graphics can get quickly.COntrols are fluent enough and the menues are asy to scroll through.COmbat is never really one sided however if you don't build up your levels (by the end of Disk one should be level 40 or higher for the whole party) you will be whipped.The music is what seperates this from most games.  The music is the pinacle of greatness here.  As I am writing this I am listening to Aeris Theme which is one of the greatest tracks in gaming history.  This alone seperates this from most gaems past and present.However there is one factor that seperates this from most games.  The secret to why this one of he best is that it is one of the few games that can touch you emotionally.  Any game can give you an adrenaline rush.  However it is very select few gaems that can touch you emotionally, and even make you cry.  Final Fantasy 7 has accomplished this.  THis is one of the select few titles that has ever done this.  To date the only other title to do this is the cult hit Ico.In conclusion Final Fantasy 7 is the greatest game of all time because it has an incredible story, incredibel music, and the fact that you will be sucked in if you give it time.  But that is the thing, you must give it time and dedication.  This is however the greatest game of all time.prediction:4
reviewText:Capcom continues to make great fighting games, but this time out with Power Stone they create something special.  Power Stone was one of the first Dreamcast games out for the Dreamcast and helped make the system worth buying.  You can go anywhere, grab anything, and then beat the hell out of your opponent.  Its a great game, the only problem is that there is so much going on during the game you can lose your concentration at times, but thats the only flaw.  Otherwise, its a great game.prediction:4
reviewText:Power Stone is a fun filled action game that every one will like.It has fast action!  Fast pace baby!  The way I like it.The desighn is great.  The level desighn in Power stone is awesome.Gameplay is great!  Thats what it's all about.  Gameplay.  It's also easy to use and learn.  The game will last for awhile but You will eventually get bored with it.  But not for awhile.This game is great...I give it 5/5....It's really good trust me.I haven't played Power Stone 2 though.  But get this game.....Later...prediction:4
reviewText:This is the Resident Evil game that all people have been waiting for, even if they don't realize it yet.  It was so good that it refused to die with the failing Dreamcast and dove across to the Play Station 2 ( I hear the graphics aren't as good on PS2).  It is the ultimate survival horror game.What make Veronica so great?  The graphics are no small part.  Sure, I reveled like the rest of us in the exploding zombie heads of RE 2 and 3 but I loved the brain splatter of Veronica.  The Tyrant from RE 2, with his blank stare and overcoat never conveyed the sheer life of a bendersnatch as he trapezed across the room and crushed your head, all the while looking at you with those oh so human eyes.What else you ask, makes this game THE RE?  Well, the story is superbly done and Alexia is the most...AWESOME bad guy(errr...Girl) that has ever graced the screen.  And all your old favorites are back too so expect to see some old friends and new enemies as you crawl and run around.Oh and there is more!  Guns have always been great in the Resident Evil games but these guns are crisp.  By that I mean they may not be awe-imspiring like the electroshocker from 2 or as satisfying as the enhanced shotgun rounds from 3 but they will do the job exactly like you would expect.  The twin uzi's will stop a zombie in its tracks but the spiders will laugh as they pump poison into you.  But you can show them who is boss with a blast from the grenade launcher, now better built to kill groups.  Across the board the guns will satisfy.And there is just so much else that I cannot write it all.  But needless to say, if you own a DC or PS2 this is a good purchase at any price.  Get it, buy it, steal it, love it.  Come be a zombie killer with the rest of us.prediction:4
reviewText:The latest inclusion in the Resident Evil series is quite simply the best thus far, with some fantastic if obvious plot twists it leaps ahead in the survival horror genre.Im sure you all know the story by no so I?ll comment on the graphics which are still awesome, This is without a doubt the best game on Dreamcast even a year after it?s release it still crushes most other games. The gameplay is only slightly improved from the originals but hell, ?If It Ain?t Broke, Why Fix It?, The game is well structured with a variety of puzzles, suspense and plenty of action.Unlike the rest of the games in the series, if you didn?t like the others this game ?Will? change your mind, fans of any genre with love and respect this game for years to come and justifiably so. The voice acting is spot on and the characters facial details when they talk is phenomenal, to the extent that it (at times) surpasses the almighty Shenmue. In conclusion this is one game that defiantly does the Dreamcast justice.prediction:4
reviewText:I said it before and I'll say it again in a different way. I'm a 2D fighting veteran and I know which 2D fighter is worth playing all over again and which is worth ditching. However, the PlayStation version of Marvel VS Capcom is just one of those games that needs to be ditched, except for the Dreamcast conversion. Unlike its unworthy PlayStation apprentice, the Dreamcast version of Marvel VS Capcom is 100% arcade perfect in every way ! Allow me to give the lowdown on this game ! The graphics are far by, the best I've seen. Although they seem a bit dated to some people who never played or doubt the VS series, the animation is seamless, with no frames chopped off. The characters look brighter and they move much faster and smoother than that of the arcade version. Including the backgrounds which looks very colorful, but some of them looks like they're featured in an enhanced 16-bit game. But despite of that, the Dreamcast's power is capable of making 2D fighters look better than any other 2D fighters on different home consoles. The sound still remains the same as the arcade and PSX original. The music sounds fairly catchy, but could've been better if Q-Sound hadn't made the music too loud and too flashy to bother even the most patient person in the house. As for the sound effects, almost as similar to that of the earlier VS series, but much improved. You'll still hear a whole lot of the same punching noises and the same hits taken from a super beam or a flame toasted fist. And for the voice acting, the same again, but the only voice that changed, was Ryu's. His character sprite may be based on the original Street Fighter Alpha character, but Capcom designed him to give him his old red headband he had while he was growing older, and make his voice sound a little deeper. As for the gameplay, very well done. The PSX controls didn't do much of the justice but the design of the Dreamcast control fits the gameplay very well. With the DC controller, Marvel VS Capcom plays like a charm ! Yes my friends...it's that good ! And plus, you get the tag feature, where you can switch your characters anytime you want, especially when your first character is losing energy. And as for the game modes, you get five of them, which should be enough to please you. You still get the Arcade mode, along with the 2 player VS mode, Survival mode, Cross Fever mode, and Training mode. As for the selection of characters, it's okay...I guess. You get characters from the Marvel universe from the US and the Capcom universe from Japan. On the Capcom side we've got Ryu, Chun-Li, Zangief, Mega Man, Strider Hiryu, Jin, Morrigan, Captain Commando, and Roll (as a secret character). On the Marvel Comics side we've got Wolverine, Spider-Man, Venom, Gambit, Hulk, and War Machine. The Marvel side does have its share of secret characters, but all of them are alternatives of the same character. But still, while the DC conversion has some flaws, it's still arcade perfect and furthermore, it has no loading times. Marvel VS Capcom for the Dreamcast is one game that shouldn't be left behind. I know what you're saying. I didn't really explain that much detail on the PlayStation version. But the reason why, is because its hard to explain complete details about a horrible port of a true Capcom classic. The DC version was simple to explain, because it defined arcade perfect with a vengeance ! Like I said, if you want the true Marvel VS Capcom experience, play the arcade version or just play this one ! You'll be proud you did !prediction:4
reviewText:You pick from 15 charactersRyu,Strider,Mega Man,Zangief,Morrigan,Captain Commando, Captain AmericaSpider Man,Venom,Jin,Hulk,Wolverine,Chun Li,Gambit,War MachineOnslaught is the boss in this gameAkuma,Ken and Onslaught are playable with a codeThis game is fun and has hyper fast gameplay.The game has 15 characters which is not that much,but it is made up in fast,nice gameplay.Some people whine about the graphics and say its "bad" and compare it to Tekken, those games are not in the same category.The 2d games are drawn and 3d games are polygon based graphics they are different types of things.The Dreamcast joystick is no longer made,but still want to play the game?, I got a solution,get a Playstation 1/2 adapter and buy a ps2 or Psone joystick and then have fun just like the Arcade.I recommend this game to people who like the other cross over games like X-Men: Children of the Atom, Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter. This version is the best because its arcade perfect and its to pick up and play  when you feel like fighting your heroes.Pros: Fast gameplay, Great graphics, awesome characters,fun to play,pull off huge combos,when using the arcade stick enhances gameplayCons: not enough characters, dreamcast controller not good for this game, 2d graphics not for everyoneprediction:4
reviewText:There is doubt about it, this was the game that showed the dreamcast could be a major competitor.  Being a big fan of the arcade version, I must say(for the billionth time), that this one surapasses the arcade version.  This is a very strategic fighting game,  And it is extremely deep gameplay.  Although my only compaint is that a button masher can beat the computer.  That is my compliant about all 3-d fighting game(as opposed to earlier, Street Fighter2, And Street fighter alpa, series games.), is that button mashing can get you over.  Although, in 3-d fighting games(like Tekken and, of course Soul Calibur), you cant pull off impressive,beautiful,combos with just button mashing.  For the most part, this game has alot of relay value, lots of of unlockable characters. The mssion mode, which adds even more to replay value, and the cool museum mode.  In my opinion, Time attack mode, is useless.  The survival mode, while great, is just too easy.  Another problem, the final Boss, Inferno.  He is pretty easy as well. But this is common in 3-d fighters.  But all in all this is a solid fighting game. It is just a bit too easy.  Even ultra hard mode, can be easily won by a competent Soul Calibur player.(although button mashers can win the first two stages).  This game is a must-have for Dreamcast owners.prediction:4
reviewText:Even with the new consoles on the market, this game is still the best fighting game out there. Just so you all know, the Dreamcast is a 128 bit system just like the others. So, the graphics can be just as good. Could have used a few more fighters, but that's my only complaint. The backgounds are breath taking. The fighters have THE coolest specials moves I've ever seen. And, the special moves arn't really all that hard to use. You can get to them a lot of times with just a bit of luck. Some of the other fighting games I've played, I was never able to make them do the really cool moves because they were too complicated to pull off. So, I never got to see them. This is a must have game for Dreamcast owners.Revision:This is still the best fighting game out.  Even with the XBox and PS2 out.  Me and a friend still hook up the old Dreamcast to play this from time to time.  Can't wait untill the next one.  As of this new review, this will selling on Amazon.com for more than it was when Dreamcast was still out.  I guess that tells you a little something about how good this game is.prediction:4
reviewText:Hands-down, this is the best fighting game that I have ever played. The fighting system is deep and complex, but doesn't have the huge learning curve that Tekken does. I have heard people call battles played by expert players to be like a dance, with blocking, parrying, dodging, and a variety of attacks used to keep your opponent guessing. A good selection of characters are available, though some are just mirrors of other characters with a few different moves. There is also a practice mode that helps you to learn button combinations for the 50 moves for each character(pretty standard nowadays, but Soul Calibur was one of the first to do this to my knowledge). The soundtrack is excellent, the gameplay is excellent, and it's just an overall awesome game. Back before the ps2/gamecube/xbox came out, this was the REASON you bought a dreamcast. If you dont own those 3 systems and can't get Soul Calibur 2, get the original. It's very much worth it.prediction:4
reviewText:Forget any other reason for buying a Dreamcast -- Soul Calibur remains as the sole good reason for spending the money. It's worth the money, it's worth the money, and it's worth your time to check it out. You may have some trouble grabbing a copy of Soul Calibur, because every Dreamcast owner probably purchased this at the counter when picking up their system. Soul Calibur is the ultimate in fighting games - sleek, graphically unparalleled, and deep - and ranks as the best fighting game out there. It's set apart from its competitors by the double knockout of a great look and solid game play. Based on last years hit arcade game, and a sequel to the smash PlayStation hit, Soul Blade, Soul Calibur pits ten fighters against each other in a standard two-out-of three battle for supremacy. But might doesn't always make for right in this game. Soul Calibur is unprecedented in its game balance, with large, impressive bulky fighters on the same ground as small, fast players. The ten starting fighters are just that - a starting lineup. Through game play and advancement you'll uncover many cameo fighters, like Yoshimitsu from Tekken, and Seung Mina and Hwang from Soul Blade. There are also mystery stages and costume changes to uncover. Soul Calibur also offers many new options that the arcade version couldn't. Battle Mode, Team Battle, and Survival modes all lend the game an enormous replay value, while the sometimes complicated move system is helped out by a very thorough Practice mode that explains every move and shows you how to execute them. Graphically, the game evolves past its arcade counterpart in every respect, with incredible detail and superior polygon counts. Soul Calibur on the Dreamcast is without a doubt the best looking fighting game ever, with nuances like muscle rippling, facial expressions of pain, fear, and anger, and caustic lighting effects that dazzle the eyes. The game also excels in the area of sound, achieving what other games only dream of - the perfect balance of music, voice, and sound effects. Clashing swords, primal yelling, and blood-pumping heroic themes course through the game, all meshing for the perfect sonic mix. Namco has retooled the fighting dynamics so that both button-mashers and serious students of ass-whupping can both benefit and prosper in the game. Although novices can easily beat the game on easier settings, the game definitely favors those who understand Soul Calibur's complexities, like dodging, vertical and 8-way run attacks, and stagger blocking. Someone who has mastered the arcade game will find the differences in the moves trifling, while every one else will scarcely notice. What are you waiting for? Sonic can wait, TrickStyle will still be pulling tricks next week, and NFL 2K has a millenium ahead of it. There's no excuse for you not to be enjoying the best fighting game this year, and possibly the best ever. Power Stone and the laughable Mortal Kombat Gold can't touch the soul of this fighter, but you can.prediction:4
reviewText:If you have any interest in video golf whatsoever, you need to get this game. Nintendo has succeeded in making a golf game that is fun and challenging for young and grown-up people alike.There are several different types of play in the game. You can play by yourself in tournament mode, in head-to-head mode against the computer or other golfers, in ring mode, speed mode, or in mini-golf.Tournament mode is the big one - you start with a variety of Nintendo characters to choose from and one course to play on. Completing rounds earns you experience points, which are used to unlock other courses and characters. You also get trophies for finishing in the top three and Birdie Badges for getting a birdie (or better) on a hole. As with similar games, your goal is to unlock all courses and characters and collect all the badges.Head-to-head mode provides another method of unlocking characters. Beating a character in match play enables you to use it in the other modes. The game also saves your records with each character against all the others. The best play with this mode, though, is against other players. You can set handicaps, bet on each hole, the front nine, back nine, closest to pin, longest drive, and you can even play slot-machine golf, where each player gets only a random wood, long iron, and short iron for each hole - if you're lucky and get three stars, you get the full complement, but if you only get one star, you get one fewer club. Try playing a par-5 hole with your longest club being a 4-iron!The ring-shot mode is challenging as well - you must hit your ball through one or more rings on the course and finish the hole in par or better. Clearing rings will unlock characters as well. If you think the first few tasks are easy, they will get tougher as you advance! Character-by-character progress is saved for this as well.Speed golf is interesting - your fastest times on each course are saved, along with your corresponding scores - but not quite as much fine. Mini golf is included as well, but without any rewards I noticed.If you think this is a good game so far, wait till you play the Game Boy version as well. You can use the Transfer Pak (sold separately, for some reason) to move your Game Boy character to the N64 version, where you can use your experience to build your character. This is essential for mastering the harder courses and beating the top golfers - your GBC character can become stronger than Wario and hit the ball straighter as well. You can also pit your characters against your friends' characters or trade them (if you're so inclined). Finally, you can send your N64 status back to your GBC and view it in more detail there - you can see each character's best score on each course.Even without the GBC version, this is a top-flight golf game in its own light. Add the Game Boy Color version and a Transfer Pak and you have a keeper.prediction:4
reviewText:Smackdown:Just Bring It for the PS2 and Smackdown 1 and 2 for the PS1 are better. But it is nothing compared to WWF Raw for the XBOX. Raw for the XBOX is better than any of them. But if you have'nt got a PS2, XBOX, or Gamecube yet this is a must get game. Gameplay is good it just takes a day or maybe a little more to get use to. If you want to save money rent it and smackdown 1 or 2 and see which one you would want to have the most.prediction:4
reviewText:I am a Dreamcast holdout.  And I am proud of it.  The DC is...was the new Resident Evil Machine and every game in the series except for 1 was on it.  Which brings me to Resident Evil 3This is the Survival Horror god.  RE3 is perhaps the most scary(insert shocking here) game of the series I have played yet.  Rather than face several boss charactors at obvious areas, Nemisis, the big, bad boss of this game will literally chase you throughout the game.  I still remember fondly the first time I saw his distorted face.  And I remember well his tenacious persuit of me causing my fingers to curl and my stomach to clench.  He is scary.Added to Nemisis himself is the wonderful, useful dodge ability.  Tired of Zombies walking through your hail of fire to rip open your neck?  Charge them and push them back!  Tired of spiders wraping their legs around you and pumping you full of poison?  Jump aside.  It is so nice to actually roll out of the way of a enemies swinging claws.  And RE3 is the only game so far where you get to do this.Finally, the gripes.  Although I have not played 1, RE3 is the shortest of the series I have played.  It is also much less epic than 2 or Veronica.  If it is lengh and amazing story you are looking for, go for RE code Veronica.  But is you want to be gripping the armchair seat and shivering from overdose excitement...This is the game for you.prediction:4
reviewText:After replaying both RE and RE2 from my childhood days; I couldn't wait to buy RE3 since I had missed that one growing up and was dying to try it out. Well... I've had the game for a few nights (7 hours gameplay) and have already beaten it. And I gotta say it was a fun ride, but I'm kind of disappointed. I'm a huge Resident Evil fan and I've been wanting to play this game for years.Don't get me wrong the game was very entertaining and still withheld the ability to scare the hell out of me. I did enjoy it a lot, but it just doesn't justify itself as much of a sequel in my opinion.Here's why.First off, whats up with the difficulty modes? You're only given two choices; Hard or Easy. And their both screwed up. Why?EASY MODE:- The game starts you (Jill) off with an assault rifle and 3 F.Aid sprays.- Enemies are way too easy to shrug off.- Jill can take up to 6 bites from a zombie and still be in "Fine" condition.- You have infinite ink ribbons.- All of the weapons in the game are already unlocked and located in your storage crate.- You have massive amounts of ammo for each gun already in the storage crate. (And I'm talking MASSIVE) For example: 250 Handgun rounds, 76 Shotgun shells, and 2 100% AR clips.- Picking up ammo, Gun powder, and health items is pointless since you already have enough of each to last you to the end of the game.- It is not much of a challenge.Needless to say, I quickly changed from Easy to Hard mode after the first 10 minutes of playing. I usually don't like playing Hard mode on any game. But it didn't leave me much of a choice, and being a RE veteran I figured I could handle it. In other words, Easy mode was obviously designed for newbies and people that absolutely SUCK.HARD MODE:- You start with almost no ammo at all.- Jill takes too much damage even from the smallest attacks.- The new "dodging" feature is nearly impossible to use.- Nemesis is way too strong and can kill you in one or two hits.- Jill's inventory is very small. Unlike the first Resident Evil.- Zombies respawn after you enter and exit a room. (True, considering the situation and environment does make sense. Like its impossible to kill every zombie in the city.)Nonetheless I completed the game on Hard. Having died 3 or 4 times being annihilated by Nemesis. My only question is... why wasn't there a "Normal" or "Original" mode to play? I like to be challenged and enjoy the game at the same time. Playing on Hard was difficult and irritating. Especially when you have an 8 ft. monster on your tail most of the time.Secondly, the story.STORY:To sum it all up the story is about Jill desperately trying to escape Raccoon city alive. And the first part of the story actually takes place like a day before the events of Resident Evil 2. The main conflict in the story is that Umbrella corp. has secretly dispatched a mutant tyrant called "Nemesis" into Raccoon city to seek out and destroy all the remaining S.T.A.R.S members. Namely Jill and Brad Vickers. I won't spoil the ending for anyone and I think most RE fans know what happens anyway.What I didn't like about the story was that it was too confusing. Like, who is Nemesis?? Where did he come from?? I mean seriously whats his origin? Also, in RE2 Leon and Claire were looking for Chris, who we later discovered had traveled to Europe. But your telling me that Jill was in the city the whole time? And not once did Leon and Claire cross paths with her? Come on...Another thing that doesn't make sense (keep in mind this is before RE2) is when Jill makes her way into the R.P.D. building only to find that half of the doors are boarded up/barricaded having no access. Which would contradict RE2's plot altogether. How would Leon and Claire get around the building? It doesn't make any sense. Why didn't they just have all of the doors Jill didn't need to go in locked? The story itself is pretty clustered. And it's really not even a story, its more like a side-story. It just seems that it was really rushed through and not a lot of thought was put into it.Thirdly, the Nemesis.NEMESIS:Despite what I said earlier.. I thought that Nemesis was a great addition to the game. He definitely adds to the suspense and you never know when or where he's going to pop up and surprise you. However, it doesn't take long to get tired and frustrated with him. Mainly because there were a lot of areas in the city that I wanted to explore but couldn't because I was being pursued by Nemesis!!! And he shows up like 15 minutes apart from each appearance. So, exploring or not he'll always turn up sooner or later. And yes you can fend him off. But there's really no point since he's nearly impossible to kill, and your only wasting precious ammo and health trying to fight him.  By the way, some of you may remember Mr.X from RE2... well there's a big similarity between the two. Their both huge mutant zombies that stalk you throughout the game. So its quite obvious that Nemesis was a variation of Mr.X.Pros:RE3 did improve and add some great new features. Such as... The new "dodge" feature that really adds to the gameplay and helps a ton when your in combat. It took Capcom 3 games to finally add the 180 degree spin; which enables you to turn around quickly and run to avoid danger. I also liked the new "Gun powder" mixing feature, which enables you to create ammunition for your weapons. There is a lot of action and surprises in the game. Adding the interactive environmental objects (explosive barrels, etc.) was a nice feature and really helped in difficult situations. I did really like the outdoor environment in the game. I thought that was a nice break-away from the first two games. And finally, you don't need to press the action button to go up or down a flight of stairs.Cons:The graphics are the same as in RE and RE2 only with slight improvement on the character models and design. The pre-rendered environments don't look as good or dark as in RE2 but are still nice. The game itself is very short compared to the first two, and the only playable character is Jill. The camera angles can get annoying sometimes, especially when there is an enemy blocking your view. (This problem is in the first two games also.) It wasn't as scary, exciting, or suspenseful as RE and RE2. But still has moments that make you jump out of your seat. And lastly, it lacks a story.Conclusion:Bottom line, RE3:Nemesis is a good game. It's fun, scary, and entertaining. And no its not the best, and in my opinion its the weakest game in the series. And anyone who disagrees, obviously hasn't played the first two. But I will cut it some slack because Resident evil 3 had a lot to live up to. And it was because Resident Evil 2 really set a high standard for the series. Lets face it, Resident Evil 2 was a legendary game, and quite possibly the greatest sequel to any video game in history. I just think that RE3 could of been a better sequel. And it isn't as good as its predecessor.Final Rating: 3.8/5prediction:4
reviewText:This game is extream fun and entertainment, let alone being an awesome game itself.  I felt once again like I was taking part in an adrenaline pumping movie once again, only this time, with more killing than ever before.  To write this review, I will split the game into three sections: what was good, what was bad, and what made me really love this game.Now I will list the goodies.  Well, to start off, just look at it; if you notice, the graphics are crisp and insanely detailed.  If that weren't good enough, the cinematics are also incredibly intense and clear, and they tell the story rather well.  What's good about the cinematics however is that they are very well directed and carry the mood perfectly.  The mood of this game is magnificant, it's like a blend of fear, anger and depression all at once.  The music supports these emotions, which is esspecially good when they focus on a single emotion.  Also, the sound is great, another advancement over the sounds of the previous entry.  I loved the voice acting and the new clicking sounds to the guns, as opposed to the old popping sounds of gunplay.  The gameplay is almost perfect as now you can auto-aim at the zombies, but not make it super-fake looking like it was in the original.The plot though, like RE2, is the backbone of the game.  The characters in this game are well done and all play roles in the story.  The story constantly increases the intensity as you are pitched up against bigger and badder dudes, esspecially Nemesis.  The opening was awesome, and this game has one of the most emotional endings I have seen for the PSX (not quite Final Fantasy level).However, there are setbacks to this awesome game, as I will now mention.  I will have to state that the storyline wasn't as gripping as in RE2, nor as complicated with multiple scenarios.  The cinematics, while the finest I have ever seen, are very short in length, so their overall effect isn't as high as I could have hoped.  Also, after beating the game so many times, this game is now to me very easy for I know Nemesis' weaknesses, and can easily exploit them (email me for free tips).  Also, the music isn't for the most part as good or scary or sad as in RE2.  However, some of the tunes at the very end are absolutely astounding and alone are worth purchasing the soundtrack (well, I did just for those three tracks).Now, I will tell you my favorite aspect of this game, my reason for giving it a five star rating without any hesitation.  The reason is that it satisfies my male cravings to kill and win.  Nemesis follows you around so much that instead of getting annoyed, you get ....  He constantly lowers your overall ammo amount and forces you to use up healing items.  As you fight him, you lust nothing more than to give Nemesis as much pain as you can give to him; you want him to die a horrible death.  In all the times you fight him, he passes out when you win, and that's the end.  Then, the second to last time you fight him, you can use acid faucets to melt parts of him away.  You can take off his arms, and even his head.  And the last time you fight him, you set up the puzzle, and while you wait, you can unleash whatever firepower you want on him; there's no passing out and allowing your escape, the last battle is a battle of REVENGE!  I loved that, and I think any player who likes thrilling and fun games would love this game too.prediction:4
reviewText:Resident Evil 3 (1999). Capcom's third installment of their famous survival horror series.When Capcom unleashed the original Resident Evil on the PSX back in the spring of 1996, they had no idea that it would become one of their most successful franchises to date. In fact, the series is still going strong to this day with new games on the PS2 and Gamecube. So Capcom heeded the fans' calls for a sequel, and released RE2 a couple years later. This game ended up being much greater than the original and won over many more gamers with its intense action and edgy suspense. After RE2 received much success, it wouldn't be long before another sequel would be in the works. Come the fall of 1999, RE3 would make its appearance.The first thing most gamers will notice is that RE3 isn't intended to be a full blown sequel, but rather more of a side mission designed specifically for veterans of the first two games who thought they were two easy and wanted something more challenging. Plus it would buy time for the next real sequel, RE: Code Veronica. It's quite clear that Capcom had this group of fans in mind when designing the third game. There are two difficulty settings, and although RE3 isn't intended for newbees of the series, the easy mode does give you plenty of ammo to survive most of the game without any problems. Hard mode, on the other hand, is VERY tough and it teaches you to conserve ammo and health items until they are absolutely needed. And even though it was always important to save the game in the past, it's STRONGLY RECOMMENDED that you do it here, because it's that tough. The action is certainly more challenging, and it offers a plethora of small improvements over the other games.The game's only real downfall comes from the fact that the story isn't anywhere near as compelling as the other games, as it just takes place in the same time frame as RE2. Well, specifically, the first half of the game starts a day before the events of RE2 and then the second half picks up several days after that game. Basically, the plot consists of Jill Valentine (star of the first game, and thankfully NOT played by the same voice actress!) trying to escape the streets of the T-Virus infested Raccoon City, all the while avoiding getting killed by the Nemesis (a crazed rocket wielding monster who's out to kill STARS members). There's nothing really surprising to the story, although Jill does encounter numerous mercenaries from Umbrella's evacuation fighting squad. Carlos is the only one Jill spends the most time with and he resembles sort of a love interest for her. Capcom doesn't really succeed as much with these two as say the relationship between Ada and Leon or the young girl Sherry's affection towards Claire, both in the previous game. Still, there are multiple paths and different endings to achieve, so plenty of replayability is here. Thankfully, any fallacy of the story is more than made up for by the gameplay.If you're already a fan of the action from the first two RE games, then you'll love RE3 because there are a TON of additions to make the action segments more enjoyable. For instance, you can now dodge enemies attacks and utilize a quick turn so that running around is a lot easier to do. Plus, there are now interactive environmental items that you can fire at to cause damage to enemies. There's nothing more satisfying than being chased by a group of 8 zombies and then suddenly taking them all out by firing a single shot at an explosive. BANG! How cool is that? BTW, zombies can now run after you and chase you up stairs, so watch out! Another cool feature is the ability to create your own type of ammo by collecting and mixing different gunpowders. Even on hard mode, with the right combinations, you can end up with a LOT of heavy firepower.As for the graphics, sound, and music, they are all nearly identical, so read my comments on them in my RE2 review to get the synopsis. Same with the music, although I will comment on the effectiveness of the music when the Nemesis arrives. It's quite scary when you leave the room that the Nemesis inhabits and then slow eerie music starts playing. You know that the Nemesis is nearby and will attack you at any time. This aspect was done very well.There's only one playable character this time, but the game lasts at least 5-6 hours depending on how fast you go. Not to mention that items and monsters are randomly placed each time you play the game. RE3 does improve on the lack of challenging puzzles from the last game by featuring ones that have random outcomes each time. In fact, one puzzle toward the end of the game took nearly an hour to solve! The scare factor isn't quite as high as in RE2, but a new fear element is introduced and revolves almost entirely around the Nemesis when he's chasing you. The first time I played the game, I thought that killing the Nemesis was impossible, but now I know that even on hard mode you can still best him if you use your resources properly. After the game is done, there's still plenty of unlockable goodies to acquire, such as a timed battle mini game, different outfits, and numerous epilogues to explain the story further.Overall, if you've mastered the first two games and hunger for more, then by all means pick up RE3. It's not perfect, but any older fan will find this game worthwhile. However, NEW FANS SHOULD START WITH THE OTHER GAMES FIRST BEFORE TACKLING ON THIS ONE, AS THEY MAY FIND RE3 TO BE FRUSTRATING. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.prediction:4
reviewText:first let me get something off here. resident evil 2 was the best but that doesnt mean to not get this one too because this is an incredible game very fun lasts long enough to keep you entertained from begining to end . and then when you beat it you will unlock the mercenarieswhere you can unlock unlimited ammo for your guns and i think you can unlock infinite health too. making the game like a movie invinsible characters and they will never run out of ammo. the reason this game is not as good as resident evil 2 is that it doesnt have enough bosses or big enemies even though you do fight nemesis a lot and always wondor will he stay dead this time or do i gotta kill him again. its still better to have more bosses.prediction:4
reviewText:Resident evil is one of the longest run PlayStation titles out there. It is really a shame that Gamecube is the exclusive RE platform now, because Playstation always did it best. Since th very birth of PS, there has been resident evil, and RE 3 does not dissapoint. RE 3 puts a great new spin on the series, through the arch super villan nemesis. Nemesis (as you can see from the box art) is a menacing tyrant, much like the tyrants in RE 2 out for the lead character Jill's blood. The great part about this game is the difficulty setting. While they really make no difference, it can give the new gamers to this title a bit more edge, since this is one of the harder RE titles.The thing that makes this game so adicttive to survival horror junkies like myself is the claustrophobic action, Throughout the game you have the idea in the back of your head that nemesis could be, and usually is, behind every corner. For some this good, for some this is bad. Some people enjoy walking through the city for hours and not having to worry about running themselves out of herbs and ammo every ten minutes. However, for most others it adds a great suspensful feeling to the game, and makes you feel more and more like your action do matter a great deal.As for the controls, no one will like them at first. It is sort of an acquired taste that most survival horror games have when ti comes to controls. Since all the camera angles are stationary (it makes the game look better so don't complain) this game utilizes the up arrow as always being forward. Some people seem to understand it better if you explain as being an RC car, whether face south, north, east or west, up wil always drive you forward. There realyl is no way around this configuration, it really is best to dive right in and get used to it, even if it means being massacred five minutes in a bunch of times.In conclusion, I would not pick this RE in particular for anyone new to the series. With the inclusion of nemesis, you are required to make split second decisions, and it will often confuse,a nd ultimately lead to the death of more novice players. If you are new to the series, try RE 2, RE 1 has a few problems present for newer players, but RE 2 is the perfect balance of horror, and simplicity. If your a veteran to RE, look no further for fun, just don't expect it to be a cake walk!prediction:4
reviewText:Dino Crisis is a great game -- lots of excitement, suspense, and action.  It doesn't fail there.  I beat it in four days (seven hours playing time), though, so definitely rent it first.Some of the voice acting is weak,  but it's not the worst out there.  The story will keep you interested, as  will the battles with the enemy dinosaurs.  An added plus is the decisions  you must make at key points in the story, but even this (and the different  costumes) isn't enough to give the game the replay value it needs to make  it a 5-star game.prediction:4
reviewText:Makers of RE bring us : Dino Crisis  The graphics, musick, backgrounds do look pretty good! You play a redhead babe Regina and have to blast your way through all these blood thirsty dinos.. It gets hard at times, but after you play it a few times, you'll be all set.. This also has decent replay value as well, you get more costumes, and an infinite grenade launcher, so you can play again and blast all dinos Regina's other costumes are really cute as well, especially the cave-girl one, and she looks  yummy! What else can I say? DC is worthy of purchase although it's somewhat on the mediocre side. RE fans will like...prediction:4
reviewText:Steven Spielberg proved that Dinosaurs could be menacing and terrorizing and this game only adds to it. This game is similar to Resident Evil (also from Capcom), but more dangerous, because the dinosaurs actually run and jump over things to eat you, unlike sluggish zombies. Rather than stalking screen to screen like with Resident Evil, you can now run through a room and the camera will follow you, making for great chases (Dinosaurs chasing you), but unfortunately this leaves the player at a great disadvantage, because the camera is focused on the player, not the room, so Dinosaurs constantly get the edge lunging onto the screen. A huge plus to the game is the production, because hard work went into making this game and story excellent. The cinematic scenes to start with are of a higher quality and are very detailed, from breezing hair, brushing plant life to seeing the scales on a dinosaur. The dialog is not cheesy or over acted as in other survival horror games. There are nice visual details which no screen shot can show, such as the lighting effects are realistic, a light sources (computer screens, ceiling lights) illuminate on whatever the source hits. An unfortunate detail of this game is that whether you are bitten, clawed or pounced on, you can actually bleed to death without proper medical supplies. Another downfall of the game is that the item screen is not as neat and tidy as Resident Evil's screen. This new system is rather difficult to use. Finally, with the start screen there is no cinematic introduction that will tip anything in the game to the player.prediction:4
reviewText:dino crisis is a great horror game and its alot like resident evilstory 10/10the story is good but not as good as reident evil i dont like spoiling the story so you will have to buy the game and see it for your selfgameplay 10/10the gameplay is great not as scary as resident evil but still pretty damm scary the game engine is just like reident evil the game is basicly resident evil with dinasoursgraphics 10/10for a ps1 game the graphics are amazing everything is so detailed and real looking great graphicssound 10/10great sound and voice actingcontrolls 8/10the controlls are hard at first but once you get the hang of them its a breezeoverall a great game what are you waiting for go and buy it alreadyprediction:4
reviewText:this game was good it actually has talking in it you don't have to read everything its pretty difficult in a way that its fun and its not too short there is a story-line to it the game works great no unable to read disc errors or anything like thatthe only downfall is that if you have Pac-man world 2 for GAMECUBE or PS2 you going to be slightly disappointed because Pac-man world 2 is way betterbut that's just my opiniongreat buyprediction:4
reviewText:This game is awesome and is one of the best horror games ever made .It takes a while to get in to,but once you do,you will love playing this game.It is a really long game 70 to 80 hours with very complex levels and has a great mature story line.The voice acting and story is one of the best i seen in a video game.The graphics are really good and is the one of the best looking version out of the PS1,DC,PC version.The music and sound effects are really good and will scare the hell out of you.It is one of the most mature game you will ever play and no one under 17 should play this game.prediction:4
reviewText:The Dreamcast was (is) a good system.  t's only fault was arriving when it did--either too late or too early. It has a sleek and quasi-'futuristic' look. The controller is a bit blocky, and not as smooth as the Playstation. The memory cards are huge and 'chunky' and don't do that great of a job, at least not compared to other systems. But the most important element to a game system are the games. I've never been a huge fan of Sega games or their systems. But one thing I noticed about the Dreamcast is that the sports games they have are generally some of the better games in their genre and are quite fun. And Crazy Taxi plays well on the Dreamcast. I wouldn't recommend the Dreamcast as your first or only system (but since it is discontinued, I guess I don't have to worry about that), but if you come across one used for a reasonable deal, it does make a nice system to add to the one you already have in place.prediction:4
reviewText:I have been a huge video game fan since I was born, and I have never seen anything like the Dreamcast. Sure, on Playstation 2 you can play DVD's, but the games just aren't as fun to play. The Dreamcast also has what I think is the most comfortable and easy to use controller there is. Plus, the VMU makes things even better. No more having to worry about what you should save because now you can delete your files. Plus, it's fun to watch the little movies and play the mini games on it's visual screen. You should definently buy the Dreamcast if you like video games. Nothing will ever be better.prediction:4
reviewText:OK. So it was left in dirt by SEGA. Who cares? It still has the sweetest games and awesome controler(though I must say it is very ugly). The VMU(visual memery unit) is the best memery card for any system. My favorite games are 1. All the 2Ks, 2K1s, and 2K2s 2. Sonic Adventure(1-2) 3. Crazy Taxi (1-2) and 4. Soul Calibur. Sure, I'll buy a PS2, X-BOX, and NGC, but Dreamcast is going to keep me busy for A WHILE.prediction:4
reviewText:The Sega Dreamcast is in a word, awesome.  The graphics that this system puts out are second to none, even with the debut of the PS2.  Graphics are sharp and crisp on the Dreamcast, which cannot be said of Sony&#8217;s offerings in the game system market.  The lack of a variety of sports games in my only caveat.  I only wish that I would have the option to choose between a few different varieties of baseball games, for example.  It would have been nice to have had an option other than Sega&#8217;s abysmal World Series Baseball 2K1 last year.  That being said, most of the other games I have purchased have been outstanding.  Games like Test Drive LeMans, Star Wars Demolition, and NFL 2K1 are really great games.  I only hope that Sega will produce more versions of their games beyond this year.  The [$] price that the Dreamcast is available at today makes it a great bargain that is well worth picking up, especially if you can live without the DVD player of the PS2.  Check it out today&#8230; it&#8217;s well worth it!prediction:4
reviewText:.... ...i thought that the controllers looked really difficult to use.It turns out that they're not at all. It has the most intuitive controls of all the systems and it places the shoulder buttons underneath the hand grips where they belong. ....................Generally this system does what all the systems do better, 128 bit graphics, the best platforming system on the market, and a great game to fit every gamers taste.....The DC has a huge library of titles, 128 bit graphics, and everything on the system is what it's advertised to be. ................This system is very worth it. .......the dreamcast will be remembered by the true fans, tons of great titles and you wont get bored.prediction:4
reviewText:The Sega Dreamcast is a great game machine.  I have been happier with this console than I ever expected.  If you are dying to get a Playstation 2 but weren't fortunate enough to pre-order one 9 months ago, definitely give the Dreamcast a try!  You won't be sorry.First of all, the games are great, they are unique, and they are fun.  Only on the Dreamcast can you play Resident Evil:Code Veronica, Crazy Taxi, Sega GT, Space Channel 5, Jet Grind Radio, Sonic Adventure, F355 Challenge, Virtua Tennis, Seaman, Samba de Amgio, Soul Calibur, or Power Stone 2.  NFL2K1 is an outstanding game, and most review sites consider it to be barely...  -barely-  ...behind its Playstation 2 equivalent.  Games like Tony Hawk, Soul Reaver, and Jedi Power Battles feature better graphics and other improvements over their PSOne cousins.  Also consider the huge titles just about to be released - Shenmue, Grandia 2, Skies of Arcardia, Quake 3, NBA2K1, Half-Life.  That still leaves other huge titles, like Virtua Fighter 4, Black and White, Phantasy Star Online, and Shenmue 2, for next year and beyond.  The Dreamcast has a great future!Chances are you have tried online gaming, but if you haven't, you don't know what you are missing.  Another human being makes a game intense, especially in a FPS like Quake 3 or Half-Life.  Right now, only the Dreamcast is online.  Join the Sega.Net ISP for 18 months and you'll get the Dreamcast for free.  Again, most Amazon shoppers probably aren't new to the internet, but if you are shopping for a family who is without a computer or internet connection, the Dreamcast is the cheapest, easiest way to get them online, surfing 'n emailin'.Finally, you will not be losing much by waiting a year to buy your Playstation 2.  For the cost of a PS2, you can buy a Dreamcast and 3 great games.  For a PS2, you'll shell out $300 plus tax, and still need to buy a game.  Next Christmas, anaylists predict that Sony will be selling the PS2 for $200, and by that time, the console will have many more great games out for it.prediction:4
reviewText:I got my Dreamcast last Christmas and I like it alot.  It's a great system!  But there are two big problems:  The controls for it are very awkward, and they stopped production!  No more games!  They really could have done something with this system, but once again, Sega made a booboo.prediction:4
reviewText:Sega finally got it right with the Dreamcast despite the Nintendo knock off controllers.  This was Sega's last effort in the console wars but we all know how that turned out.  By Sega, makes so good games on Nintendo.prediction:4
reviewText:I just bought the Dreamcast a couple years ago, and still one of favorite game systems.I have a snes,Genesis,N64,Playstation 1 & 2 and a xbox 360, most of these systems are great,but the Dreamcast has the best 2d fighters and arcade that I remember playing back in the day when they were popular.I have a lot of the games I use to back in the day like House of the Dead,Soul Caliber,Street Fighter Alpha 3, and Capcom vs. Snk are just a few that I own right now.This system is still really good because the Dreamcast has hardware similar to the NAOMI arcade machines so most of the games are almost identical and some are better than arcade like Soul Caliber.Sega done well with the Dreamcast because they did the opposite of Sega Saturn when it comes to games.The games are diverse and range to platform games to 2d/3d fighters and action adventures and most of them are still are not bad and look similar to a PS2 game.I think Sega was targeting people with this system that wanted arcade style games while Sony did the same,but with a dvd player.In 2002 Sega stop making systems after the PS2 out sold the Dreamcast at sales,but now it is just a software company instead which I am glad they are still around.I recently bought a Hori PS2 joystick and used a PS adapter and it's way more fun than using the DC controller.I would highly advise everyone that doesn't already have the DC arcade stick to get an Hori arcade joystick or X-Arcade stick and a PS adapter to get to the whole arcade feel.The DC system has mostly arcade fighting games,so people that don't like this system probably don't like fighting games.Pros: ahead of its time,vmu is amazing,controller is comfortable,games are cheap,games still look good,great fighting gamesCons: some games look bad,stop making gamesprediction:4
reviewText:i never got it but now i have it great system it has graphics like ps4 and s***box done and i love all the games i have for itprediction:4
reviewText:You know it was quite sad when I went to a friend who considers themselves a Hardcore gamer.. and I told them I just bought a Sega Dreamcast... they said a what?? I said you know the Dreamcast.. the last system Sega ever made... he told me I was wrong and said that The Saturn was the last system they ever made... we went on the internet where he found out he was wrong..at the end I could not blame him though... he became Hardcore off the PS2 generation.. and had never really heard of the Dreamcast.. which is not surprising because it seemed almost like a blink of the eye.. it was here.. and it was gone.. before it's proper generation had even really started the Dreamcast was doomed.. which is unfortunate.. Because with this last system.. Sega Unleashed a beast.. and it is awesome.. Now on to the pluses and minuses.+ The Sega Dreamcasts design is awesome.. very compact... has four controller hook ups right out of the box.. a 56K modem to get on the Internet(This was the first system in which major consoles took Internet play seriously 56K was good for the time) and runs off GD's (Which I believe means Gigabyte Disc which is basically a CD dual layered that stores over a Gig worth of memory on it) it also comes with a memory card out of the box.. which goes into the controller..- The 56K modem is really out of date.. you have to buy a adapter to be able to get online and play..- The GD Rom itself is prone to disc read errors after a length in time. Some say that the Durability of the system is not great. (Will update this later)-Because it runs off bigger versions of CD's (Well GD's) and not DVD.. you will not be able to play a movie off this.. (But Music seems to work fine)- When you first touch the controller.. it may feel like your holding a piece of plywood.+ However with that being said.. once you get used to the feel of the controller.. for some reason everything just feels natural... and you'll most likely love it.- And this is one area... I am sorry.. I feel Sega Screwed the pooch on this one.. The Memory Card that comes with your system.. pending on the game.. may only be able to be used for that game.. and I am not talking like PS2.. where you can have multiple games saved on the card and "Choose" to dedicate it to the game.. I mean just saving a single game.. which means you will be running out buying memory cards left and right.. if you own games like NFL2K or Seventhcross.. and any form of library for the system.+However the official Sega VMU's has cool features with some games.. like mini games you can play off them.. and important information you can use in some games.+ Loading Times.. The Loading times to the Dreamcast are faster then those of PS2.. and compete with the more powerful systems like Gamecube and XBOX+ Graphics.. Sorry but Dreamcast (Despite what Sony fans say) Blows the PS2 out of the water in this area... the cream of the crop games on Dreamcast.. are consistently better then the PS2.. and compare closely.. and beats at times the Gamecube.. the only system from this generation.. that can beat the Dreamcast is XBOX(And even then it is very close)- Graphics.. However some games (Like Timestalkers for instance) Looks like someone threw a CD Rom on your N64.. (Oh don't get me wrong.. it looks better then a N64 game but so much in the way a Sega CD looked better then a Genesis game)+ The Games... hands down there was a load of classics on this system.. and they still hold up today... it may be weird to some people though.. do to the time when this came out.. the library of games resembles what you could find on a Playstion or N64 instead of a PS2 or Gamecube... but in actuality... that is part of the charm of this system.. because alot of games.. from that era.. this is the only system you will find a next generation version of.. so you will get to see.. what a PS2 version of some of the great games from that time would look. like. it will bring back fond flashbacks.. and show you.. the updated version.. which makes this the system to own.. in addition.. Sega unleashed Masterpieces that are still in demand.. still highly sought after.. and since Sega went third party.. still played and enjoyed by Video Gamers around the world.. including Shenmue, Jet Set Radio, and Crazy Taxi (Along with several others) Plus truly Unique Games like Seventh Cross.. (Well maybe not truly unique.. Evolution has been done before on SNES.. but it is a rarity) and despite what most fratboys from other systems would say.. actually most gamers would agree hands down.. in total fun, graphics, controls, and playability this is still the only place to get these games (Despite updates and sequels) (The only exception may be Phantasy Star Online, and Skies of Arcadia remake) and believe it or not NFL2K.. along with some other sports titles.. are simply the best sports games out there.. hands down.. no amount of updates with Madden or others can compare to the games you get here.. simply put.. it is the best.. period..In the end is a Dreamcast worth getting in this day and age.. Yes.. Yes Yes... hands down.. if your a hardcore gamer it is a must.. You will get to see some of the most innovative games of their time.. that still hold up today.. You will get Graphics that is simply jaw dropping.. and controls.. that feel natural ... the only downside is.. prepare to either delete a lot of games.. or get a lot of VMU's because you will need them.. and online play.. may be a hastle.. but still.. once you get past that.. this system is must own.prediction:4
reviewText:I've always liked SEGA because of the great games they provided us with.  Who would have thought a game about a running blue hedgehog (Sonic The  Hedgehog) would be so fun?  Or that a worm in a power suite (Earthworm Jim)  would be so challenging?  And after all these years of us having to deal  with lousy 3D games that have no deapth (Most of them 3D killers of 2D  classics), SEGA finally rises to show us what games SHOULD be like!  &quot;Sonic Adventure&quot; is probibly the first 3D game I liked that was  originaly 2D (Very unlikely that happens)!  Plus with some of the best  games on the system that's out there, I see a bright future for SEGA!  So  what about the the other companys (Nintendo, Sony)?  Well I was for years a  big Nintendo fan, untill they made the Nintendo 64.  What a waste of a  system.  I see promise for their Gamecube system, but I'm going to be  cautious about it after what happened with their last system!  And Sony is  trash!  Always has been, always will be!  With that said this is the system  to buy!  Happy Birthday Dreamcast!!!prediction:4
reviewText:The Dreamcast is the next generation of gaming machine from Sega, most well known for its Sonic the Hedgehog games. With Dreamcast, Sega moves beyond Sonic into a heavily graphic and net-savvy arcade machine.Probably the biggest difference between the Dreamcast and its competitors is the built in 56k modem. This allows Dreamcast owners to log on to the net, surf the web, and fight other opponents head to head. This opens up a HUGE opportunity for finding playmates that until now was restricted to computer gamers. The web surfing ability only sweetens the deal, although like WebTV, there is no ability to download.It's not for free - ... - but for a household that is currently not on the Internet, the price gets both the web access and unlimited gameplay. You also need to buy a keyboard if you wish to do any web work.Like the Sony Playstation, the Dreamcast will play audio CDs. Unlike the Playstation 2, it will not play DVDs, however. Also, while the Playstation 2 can play all Playstation games (since both are CD based) the Sega Dreamcast cannot play older Sega games.Popular Sega games tend to be arcade or fighting games - Rayman 2, Street Fighter Alpha 3. The incredibly high polygon draw rate (three million polygons per second) means that these games fly, giving great gameplay.Even though this is equipped with a 12x CD player, it's still slower than a cartridge system like the N64. On the up-side, CDs are cheaper than cartridges, and can hold a lot more information on them, leading to more involved games.I'm personally not a huge Dreamcast fan - the types of games available on it aren't ones that tend to appeal to me - but my arcade and fighting loving friends enjoy it a great deal.Specifications: CPU: 128-bit RISC Clock Speed: 200 MHz  Sound: CD quality, 64 voices Connector: standard 3-plug video/audio connector 1600 x 1200 resolutionprediction:4
reviewText:I purchased a Sega Dreacast last Christmas and couldn't be happier. The graphics are jaw-dropping and there's a truckload of games, 200 or so by Christmas 2000, some titles like Shenmu, Ecco the Dolphin, and Soul Calibur could be classified as works of art. As an engineer in the hi-tech field I'm always impressed by a design masterpiece, you can be assured I'm impressed with the Dreamcast. Now let's talk about the PS2, I've studied the Dreamcast and the PS2 for over a year by researching numerous design articles on the Internet and unfortunately for Sony, the word is getting out, the PS2 is a bad design. Sony had great plans for a powerhouse machine, but they all fell apart due to a serious design flaw that traumatizes the entire system. Here's the bottom line, the PS2 is severely limited by an anemic 4 MB Video ram memory in the graphics subsystem, this is the pipeline that controls video output to the screen, everything must pass thru this pipeline before it appears on the television. By comparison, the Dreamcast has twice the size of the PS2 pipeline, or 8 MB video ram memory. This still does not tell the complete story, the Dreamcast has a superior graphics engine that makes it's 8 MB pipeline perform more like 10 times the pipeline in the PS2, yes, that's right, I said 10 times. This gives the Dreamcast the ability to produce screen output the PS2 simply cannot match. This probably sounds hard to believe after all the hype you've heard about the PS2, but sadly, it's true. In a nutshell, Sony built a 750 horsepower Ferrari and then fitted it with a Ford Pinto exhaust system. No matter how much power the PS2 engine can deliver, the entire system is choked by the restricted output and software developers are left frantically scrambling trying to work around the problems this causes. Surely you've heard the PS2 is difficult to develop for, this is the main reason why. The results are quite revealing, if you compare the top games on both systems, you'll notice the Dreamcast is at least as good as the PS2 and many time's it's superior. The best example of this lies with two different fighting games, Tekken Tag on the PS2 compared to Soul Calibur on the Dreamcast, both games launched with the respective system. Namco, one of the finest game development companies on the planet, developed both titles. If it was within Namco's power, you can bet they wouldn't let the spanking new Tekken Tag on the PS2 be outshined by the 18-month-old Soul Calibur on the Dreamcast, but that's just what happened. Soul Calibur is a masterpiece that dwarfs Tekken Tag in any comparison. Another good example is EA Sports Madden NFL 2001 for the PS2 compared to NFL 2K1 for the Dreamcast. EA Sports has everything riding on the PS2 and cannot afford to be outdone by the Dreamcast. In direct comparisons, some say Madden NFL 2001 has slightly better graphics than NFL 2K1, but read almost any review you want, even some on Sony biased sights, and NFL 2K1 is the better game. Moving on, some Dreamcast games are thought to be impossible on the PS2, these are Jet Grind Radio, Shenmue, Crazy Taxi, Sonic Adventure, Ecco the Dolphin, and perhaps a few more. These games either have incredible detail and texturing, fast moving free roaming 3D environments, or both. Because it's choked by it's design, detail texture and fast moving free roaming environments are all difficult for the PS2. In other words, some things the Dreamcast can do with ease are near impossibilities for the PS2. Chances are you haven't heard comparisons like these before, but they appear to be true. A few more things to mention if your considering purchasing a new game console, the PS2 can play DVD's, the Dreamcast can't, that may be a selling point to some. On the other hand, the Dreamcast has an ACE up it's sleeve, it's internet ready out of the box and online gaming for the Dreamcast is here, right now, today, no fool' in. How good is online gaming on the Dreamcast? I've heard nothing but praise and worship for SegaNet, they use a system that reduces lag over an analog modem that makes an opponent across country seem like he's playing in you living room. In the online department Sony has completely botched up, Sega has a much better plan in place and Sony will never fully catch up. One last point, the PS2 plays old Playstation games with the same quality as the Playstation, a certain selling point. On the Sega side, a new software product called Bleem! will give the Dreamcast the ability to play around 400 Playstation games thru emulation, with 4X the screen resolution, graphics filtering, and jagged edge removal that the Sony machines can't accomplish. The Dreamcast will be a better Playstaion than the PS2, even a better Playstation than the Playstation itself. In conclusion, if you're a Sony fan and you don't mind the high price, go ahead and buy a PS2, the games will get better as developers master the system. The PS2 is an adequate machine and will be a smashing success with the following Sony already has, it's just not the revolution in console gaming that all the hype predicted. Now, if you think you want a PS2 because it's a superior machine, forget the hype, save yourself some money and go buy a Dreamcast, you won't be disappointed. The PS2 is vastly overrated and over-hyped, the Dreamcast is underrated and it's time for the truth to even up the score. Lastly, if you are a budget conscious consumer, buy a Dreamcast over a PSone anyday, it's 10X better.... Bottom line, the Dreamcast is a masterpiece of design engineering and it easily rivals the PS2, in many ways it's the superior machine, much to Sony's dismay.prediction:4
reviewText:after the fantastic Saturn,  sega took a break and started to develop a system to go head to head with Sony's upcoming Playstation 2 system.the result was the sega dreamcast, and it was incredible.  the Dreamcast was a marvel of processing power and high quality graphics.. which to the average gamer means ..a powerhouse in consoles, and more important  excellent games to come your way.the  dreamcast had a unique analog controler similar to the N64  but it felt better in the players hands and was more comfortable.  i prefered this controller myself.you could also have internet access  just like the sega saturn..which was also a plus..keep in mind  this is way before Microsoft's  xbox live service and sony's playstation online network  folks!the graphics were stunning..games like marvel vs capcom,  sonic, air force delta, spawn, virtua fighter amoung others  really stand up even today.this all changed when the sony playstation 2 came out  then  sega once again felt sonys bite..but they didnt give up  the made extra add ons and more exclusives but this still wasnt enough...all said and done though..the Dreamcast  was the final entry into segas console fleet..and it was a GREAT addition.. its still fun to play with today..if your a collector  i highly recomment grabbing one..ITS THINKING....love that tagline they used :)prediction:4
reviewText:The console today is still great. There are so many games for this console that you can still easily find this day. It is still compatible with most modern televisions thanks to its S-Video capability. The console is a classic, but also has so many hidden gems, you can really go to its Wikipedia article and start to drool. Further, with its VMU capability and four ports for controllers it has aged much better than other retro consoles.Games to get with this:Sonic Adventure 1 and 2: Two classic 3D platformers, though 2 has aged much better than 1. They can still be found affordably and playing them on their original console (Dreamcast) gives the best control experience.D2: An obscure horror game that will have you hiding under your bed at night for weeks after playing it. This game made great and novel use of the VMU screenShenmue: Considered one of the best games ever made, with graphics that hold up well even todayChu Chu Rocket: Great puzzle game, with a competitive multiplayer mode for up to four local playersSpace Channel 5: A music game that has you helping a space news reporter (you heard me) dance. Very bizarre, very fun.Crazy Taxi: I cannot do this game justice in my writing. Just go look up Crazy Taxi gameplay online.And so many more.With its second screen in the controller's memory card and its amazing library of games, this console is a boon to own today. Used Dreamcast games are often sold for $10 or less on Amazon, and that means you can quickly build a true library of games for a fraction of the cost.prediction:4
reviewText:I played a Dreamcast.  To be honest, I'm waiting for GameCube. I don't need a DVD player, Sony. But I saved my pennies for PS2 anyway and I went to Toys R US to buy a couple of PS2 games (so that when my friends at Amazon said 'we have your PS2 for you,' I'd be ready.) While there, I played San Francisco Rush 2049. Awesome. Long story short: for LESS than the cost of a PS2 and ONE game, I got the Dreamcast, FOUR games (NHL2K, NFL2K1, Rush 2049, and Jedi Power Battles), and a memory pack. The games look and play beautifully in all their 129-bit glory. And the hockey--a first generation version, I might add--easily rivals EA Sports' game. NFL2K1, based on what I've seen of Madden PS2 at Circuit City and online, is just as good if not better. You get more bang for your buck with the Dreamcast. I may even keep mine when the GameCube comes out--that's how impressive it is.prediction:4
reviewText:There's no greater case for questioning "why" and "what if" than the Dreamcast. Everything you can say about this system has been said 100x over. Underrated, overlooked, before it's time, revolutionary. The list goes on and on. It all adds up to fun anyway.I'm one of those that was completely sold on the Dreamcast. I'd never been more excited about a console and never have since. This was the console that finally would give us arcade quality games in our homes. I remember when I first saw 'Ready to Rumble' up and running. I just couldn't believe how good it looked and how fun it was to play. After looking at jagged and pixelated PS1 games for so long, it was a sight for sore eyes, literally. That game alone sold me on the system.I was crushed when I heard that Sega was pulling the plug and abandoning the Dreamcast. The best console with the best games was on the way out and it didn't seem right. It didn't make sense. It was immensely popular, had one of the best launches in console history and it's sports games were flourishing even without EA's support. It still stings the memory like your favorite team losing the championship.But we still have our memories and even better, many of us still have our Dreamcasts. A true testament to a console and games of the past is how well they hold up today. Many times, your memory serves you better than reality. I've experienced that many times with old games I used to like. But many of these are still alot of fun. Maybe not as much as they were at first but they can still provide a good time.Sega was in it's prime when they made games for the Dreamcast. Sonic, Crazy Taxi, House of the Dead 2, Sega Bass and Marine Fishing, Daytona USA, and Virtua Tennis are still among the best and most playable today. Other honorable mentions go to Soul Calibur, Street Fighter Alpha 3, Power Stone 2, Marvel vs Capcom 2, Jet Grind Radio, 18 Wheeler, and Silent Scope. Unfortunately, the dreamcast will never come back and Sega may never again be the giant that they once were, but you can still find  the console, the games, VMU's, fishing controller's, and light gun's to experience some of the best that gaming has to offer. Get it while the gettin's good.prediction:4
reviewText:The Sega Dreamcast was/is the last system that Sega released. If I remember right, the Dreamcast is a 128bit system. The Dreamcast system also came out in black (Sports edition) which both versions are cool! The dreamcast was ahead of it's time in my opinion. Sega implemented the 4 player ports built into the console, like N64. Sega also did something that Nintendo eventually became known for. Which is making a controller that seemed/seems gimmickey. The controller has a hollowed out mid-section, which has a port for for a memory car. The N64 had already had the memory card slot in their controller. However, the Sega Dreamcast controller had a open space, which would allow gamers to use a special memory card (VMU card). The special memory card had a screen & buttons on it. Which would allow you to see things on the screen that wouldn't not appear on your TV screen. For example, if you we're playing NBA 2K, and you slam dunked....The screen would have a animated reaction to the dunk! The screen would also show you your in game stats,ect... It was a very cool idea. The Dreamcast is not a HD system. It has the RF and AV capabilities. However, a cool thing with Dreamcast is that there is a device (VGA box) that allows you to hook up the Dreamcast to it, & then the VGA box to your LCD/plasma TV's & it comes in super sharp! You have to buy the VGA box seperately & most to my knowledge are not Sega brand. I recommend getting itto play Dreamcast on the current TV's! The Sega Dreamcast had many awesome titles to play. Some of the best games for this system are:Marvel vs Capcom 1 & 2Giga Wing 1&2Resident Evil 2 (it's rare)OuttriggerNBA 2K1Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1&2GTA 2Soul CaliberPlasma SwordSonic AdventureExpendablesReady 2 RumbleSega RallyVirtua Fighter 3Crazy TaxiAlso I recommend buying the extension cords for your controllers. It's like an extra 6FT of cord!There are other great-good games for this system, which I can't think of at the moment. If you have yet to own a Sega Dreamcast, but love collecting various systems, I recommend getting one! The Dreamcast is a classic game system. Which is still fun to play to this day! Long live Sega & all other gaming!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Let me start off by saying that I'm a huge Nintendo fan, but that is largly in part because they put out some really great and often historical games.  Who can forget Mario, or Zelda?  Or how about the lovable Fox McCloud from Starfox?  These are gaming benchmarks that have now been made with the Dreamcast.  Second off, I really think Playstation is a good system but lacks what Sega and Nintendo have.. GAMEPLAY!!  Most of Playstations games are nothing but a big cinematic heap and 2 minutes of gameplay. With that said, I just want to point out that Sega is a company that has seen nothing but hardships in there day, with Nintendo and Sony playing the main cards, Sega has really come to be the fallback system.  Sega has never really caught my eye until the Dreamcast and that is simply because with its technology, creators can really push that extra mile to get a game as good as they can get it.  Shenmue is an example of such a game (not to mention Soul Calibur).  While Dreamcast maybe the fallback system, it's a system definatly worth buying since many great games come with this little square box.  My hat goes off to Sega, they stayed in the race for a long time, I can't wait to see there next system. It's Thinking...prediction:4
reviewText:First of all,let me say this is a great system. Now lets go to the good stuff:controllers:Excellent. They are well designed and have a anolog stick or D-Pad choice,plenty of buttons in convenient positions plus to on the back. Basically a cross between the N64 and Xbox controllers. Games:Who cares if it doesn't have as many games as Playstation! It's got plenty of good titles that it does have:Sonic Adventure 2,18 Wheeler,and Demolition Racer to name just a few. Tee Off isn't as good as Mario Golf for the N64,but it is still good. Also,Sonic Adventure has something SA2 doesn't have,adventure boards! Although this can make the game frusturating at times,it is still cool.(okay,so maybe these are the only games I've played for DC other than Sonic Shuffle,which I hate and is nowhere close to Mario Party 2,but they are still good and I've also played Wacky Races,which is a very fun and cool racing game,but is kind of fursturating at times). Another cool thing is the web browser which is compatible with the DC keyboard and mouse(and version 2.0 of it even comes with a simple yet cool game called Sega Swirl). Now as for the memory cards,there's not much to say other than that they can hold plenty of info and are at a reasonable price. Multiplayer capablity:This system has almost as good as multiplayer as PC,because it has plenty of good multiplayer games plus you can play on the internet and it comes with 4 controller ports! Graphics:They might be a bit under that of Playstation 2,Nintendo Gamecube,Xbox,or a new PC,but they are still quite amazing especially for their time(the game I've played that I think has the best graphics is Sonic Adventure 2). Pricing:amazing! This console a lot cheaper than PS One,yet it is even better! Plus it has the feature that was first introduced on PS One,the ability to play Music CD's!(but the CD playback isn't as good as other systems though). To sum it up,this is a great system with quality games,accessories,internet,.and multiplayer capablities! It may have been the first 128-bit system,but in some gamers eyes,it is the best(but I still no PS2 and GC are better).prediction:4
reviewText:at first when i SAW the dreamcast controller... i was like...&quot;it looks kinda weird.&quot; BUT after i bought the dreamcast... played games on it.. i was like &quot;HEY! I dont need to shake my hand off with this thing.&quot; My point is... the Dreamcast Controller doesnt hurt ur two pointing fingers like the playstation and super nintendo controller do. I can play with the DC controller for hours! whoever made this controller was BRILLIANT!but if u are used to playing playstation... the buttons are TOTALLY OPPOSITE... the A button where u would think the x button is... so u got to get used to the buttons first.. took me about 4 days.prediction:4
reviewText:This remote was revolutionary for its time. It brought me back in time when I started using it. The controller I received was the European version, but it still functioned with my system.prediction:4
reviewText:A lot of people thought that this controller was way to big and that it wasnt good. But me I thought differently. I thought it was a pretty unique controller in its own form. Kind of big, yes it is but it still has a great feel to it. Like the VMU slot to, the opening in the middle so you can see the screen. Great controller.prediction:4
reviewText:Ok, so the controller is pretty blucky, but if you are a true gamer, and have a JAPANESE IMPORT OF CAMCOM VS. SNK 2: MILLIONARE FIGHTING 2001(MARK OF THE MILLENIUM 2001 IN THE U.S.A), then you will deffinetly play it, and you will get used to it, plus, when this console has some of the best games for the cheapest price, then you will get used to it, infact, you will want to get used to it badly!prediction:4
reviewText:This game can really make a bad day go good. As one of the best 3 games for the Playstation that I have, I can say I'm impressed. I am not very good at it, but a challenge always brightens me up. I don't like Tekken Force mode, a side-scrolling thingy where you fight soldiers with strange names like Hawk. I think I like Arcade Mode the best, where you fight, fight, fight. Really great game. I haven't tried the other Tekken games, but I'm sure that there won't be any other game of this series that can beat this dang fighting game. I bet nothing will stand up to this game that I like to call the Fighting Game King!!!prediction:4
reviewText:I have been playing Tekken 3 for a long, long time, and it's just as fun now as it was when I first bought it. It's a wonderful game to play alone, and even better when played with a friend. It's my favorite fighting game on the PlayStation, or on any console of its generation, for that matter.-PRESENTATION: Tekken 3's menus and loading screens are very similar to those of their arcade counterpart, and, although not particularly amazing graphically, somehow manage to look very stylish. They're a perect example of grace through simplicity.-GRAPHICS: Wow. I do not think that it is possible for the Playstation to generate graphics better than these. The character models are detailed and very well-constructed, and the beautiful textures that cover them smooth them out and make the fighters much more realistic-looking. Unlike in Tekken 2, you seldom see the facets of the character models when they move. The backgrounds are much more detailed than those of the last game, and have been almost seamlessly blended with the floors of the game's many arenas. Namco seems to have pushed the system beyond what it was once believed to be capable of, and the only way for the game to be improved upon would be to move it up to a more powerful console (i.e. Tekken Tag Tournament and Tekken 4 on the Playstation 2). Beautiful. And of course, the CG cutscenes have to be seen to be believed.-SOUND: This game has the best sound effects of any fighting game on the system, methinks. The punches and kicks and battle-cries are full of energy and vigor, and differ depending on who and what has been attacked by whom. The music is neat, too, but that's really a matter of personal taste. I've laways enjoyed playing to it, and Namco has included both the original arcade music and a new, remixed music set made especially for the PSX version. Good stuff.-GAMEPLAY: Of course, this is the most important aspect of any game. Fortunately, Tekken 3 scores high in this area. It is a game that you can sit down and play and have fun with from the moment you put it into your PlayStation, but which you can be challenged by even after you have become very skilled. Tekken 3 has a large cast of characters, all of whom fight in their own unique styles. Most players will have a favorite, but these favorites tend to differ from person to person. The characters (over half of whom need to be unlocked by completing various challenges) are very well balanced, and none of them, not even the final bosses, feel disproportionately weak or strong in comparison to the others. Tekken's classic 4-button system makes for a smooth, effective control system that is easy to adjust to and allows for a vast library of moves for each character, and if you want, you can fully customize the controls to suit your own style. There are many modes of play, including story mode, vs. mode, a side-scrolling bat-em-up mode, and a Tekken ball mode. You can also unlock a theater in which to play the movies and music that you unlock. You can even use the theater to play movies and music from Tekken 1 and 2, if you have them. The actual fighting is great. The characters' movements are fluid and widely varied, and each and every fight is different. The game includes a full list of all the moves and combos for each character (but there are still secret moves hidden here and there). And there are more moves than just attacks and blocks. Handsprings, rolls, cartwheels, flips and kip-ups are just  few of the things that characters do. Especially interesting are fighting styles such as Eddie's Capoeira and Yoshimitsu's, um, unique methods. The possibilities just go on and on.All in all, this is a fun and deeply engrossing game. If you want the best fighter on the PSX, give it a try.prediction:4
reviewText:Tekken 3 is awesome! New characters, new moves, new combos and some favorites as well. Along with some great extra features aside from the tournament like Force Mode, Survival and Volleyball?! Tekken 3 delivers!This is a really good game for all gamers and it hits the essence that is 3-D fighting games. Plus new characters and new fighting styles are also pretty cool. The drawback is that the old &quot;button mashing&quot; is still a viable means of winning the fights and for a lot of the characters, some of thier combos that's all you have to do (best example: Eddy Gordo). For those of you advanced gamers, try the new and improved King, Jin and Law.Definately check out TEKKEN 3. This one is definitely worth it for the PSone. If you're looking for other great fighting games on the PSone, check out the STREET FIGHTER ALPHA series, SOUL BLADE and DEAD OR ALIVE 2.prediction:4
reviewText:Graphics: 8/10 - The characters can be a bit see-through, but the backdrops are fabulous and it's extremely clear when you've done a Judo chop to someone!Sound: 9/10 - Great fist fighting, realistic sounds and cool music brings Tekken 3 blazingly alive in the sound area.Value: 10/10 - Do not read this review further if you have not yet played, bought or borrowed Tekken 3. It is well worth the money and you'll play it for ages! Not a game you get sick of easily.Overall: 10/10 - Lots of things to do, lots of martial arts moves to learn, heaps of blood, a barrel of fun - Tekken 3 is one of the most entertaining, overall amazing PlayStation games to come out in a long time!prediction:4
reviewText:I've had Tekken 3 for two years now and I still love playing it, mainly because it is one of the best PS1 fighters ever made.Reasons why this is a great game are simple:There are tons of great characters from Yoshimitsu, the ever cute dragon Gon, the sexy schoolgirl Ling Xiaoyu, and over a dozen more. The wonderful part is they all have their own unique fighting styles which keeps the action from getting dull.With mulitple game modes this also adds to Tekkens variety and level of fun. Tekken Force mode puts the characters into a side scrolling action game. Although, my fave is Tekken Ball which is a wierd mix of fighting and volleyball. I know what you're thinking, but trust me, it's fun.The game is a little hard at first, but give it a week or so and you will get it down pact.With all the unlockable characters, modes and costumes, it will keep you entertained for weeks to come. That and being one of the most comprehensive fighters out there makes it a must have.prediction:4
reviewText:I love this game, I have ever since it came out. The characters are great and classic. Ever since I was young, I have been in love with the Tekken series. Brings back a lot of good memories. I bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun. Though the graphics aren't as top notch at games these days are, but it's still an entertaining game to play. If you collect either Tekken stuff or video games, this is a must own. Don't miss out on this game, before you know it, it will be gone.prediction:4
reviewText:It has some flaws, you will have to run around a bit between play areas, but it plays well enough.  The price is right, and it is worth the time you will spend on it.  The learning curve is small, and there are music sound tracks buried deep in the CD if you look for them (a neat extra).  It has been around a couple of years and there is nothing new (though you do have a "partner" you can exploit during battle), .  I liked it enough to want to finish it; I think you will too.FlaviusMaximusprediction:4
reviewText:My friend and I played this years ago. It is the most fun I have ever had on the PC. The multiplayer rocks, and the graphics were great for back then.It's funny that I would review this now, because my computer won't even run a game this old. But, if you have an older PC, and it runs games, you need this.prediction:4
reviewText:Descent 3 is Interplay's follow-up to the highly acclaimed Descent franchise.  You are once again cast in the role of the Material Defender.  This time, however, your mission is one of retribution as you battle  virally-infected robots across 17 levels (15 normal plus 2 secret). You  must prove that the head of the PTMC intentionally contaminated the  company's robots with an alien virus.  After your rescue in the stunning  opening cutscene you learn that the PTMC went so far to modify the virus as  well.You will fly a total of three ships in this sequel, including the  old PyroGL.  Weapons run the gamut from the standard concussion missile to  the all-powerful Black Shark.  New energy weapons such as the Microwave  Cannon add a new twist to decimating enemies and standbys such as the  Fusion Cannon and Plasma Cannon make a return. The graphics are  breath-taking and the sound is nothing short of immersive.Descent 3  requires a 200MHz Pentium processor with a 4MB 3D accelerator card that  supports Direct3D, Glide, or OpenGL.  I recommend a Pentium II or III class  machine to get the most enjoyment out the game.  Certain details can be  turned off to get an acceptible framerate on lower-end machines but it  detracts from the overall experience.If you're a Descent fan or a newbie  Descent 3 is a nice to get acquainted with the wonderful world of PC  gaming.prediction:4
reviewText:Back in 1999, the third and most likely final chapter of the Descent series released.  It was praised and lauded by game reviewers and magazines worldwide.  However, due to Interplay's bungled marketing, the game never got the player recognition it deserved.  Tragically, it meant the end for the series.I think it speaks volumes about a game when I can look at it now, three years later, and see what I see.  People are still building new levels for it, multiplayer is still fairly popular, and the community is still strong.  The DescentBB and Planet Descent are great places to start, so look them up when you get the chance.Anyhow, regarding the game itself.  The hallmark of the Descent series is its gameplay that concerns all three axes of movement, unlike other FPS games like Quake or Unreal that largely limit your movement to the ground.  In Descent, you can fly wherever you want to, stop and turn on a dime, and move freely.  Descent 3 continues this with its new game engine, which actually consists of two engines - one for rendering indoor areas and the other for rendering outdoor areas with terrain.Continuing where Descent 2 left off, the game reprises your role as the Material Defender, a mercenary hired by the Post-Terran Minerals Corporation sent to rid their intergalactic mining installations of worker robots gone amuck.  As fate would have it, rather than pay you for your efforts, your boss at the PTMC named Dravis decided to sabotage your ship instead.  Fortunately, before reaching certain doom by hurtling towards the sun, you are rescued by a team of researchers calling themselves Red Acropolis.  It seems they know about Dravis' sabotage and that he was ultimately behind the rogue robot activity in the first place.  As the only pilot with enough guts to tackle the situation, it is your duty to gather the evidence to incriminate Dravis.Of course, this is just the intro movie.  The rest of the single-player campaign features 15 gigantic levels.  And I do emphasize gigantic - these behemoths are many times the size of the old Descent levels and yet still only load once at the beginning.  Inhabiting them, naturally, are a varied assortment of robots arranged in various classes - security drones, miners, and even robots that sweep the floor.  These are your obstacles on the way  to completing your mission objectives.  Unlike the first two games, which were built around gathering keys, destroying a Reactor, then escaping the mine, Descent 3 has objectives for each level that must be accomplished.  These include escorting important ships, going on recon missions, and in an ironic nod to the old games, defending the Reactors from destruction.To carry these out, you find all sorts of neat weapons.  There are ten different primary weapons and ten secondary weapons.  Primaries include your basic Laser Cannon, chaingun-like Vauss Cannon, railgun-like Mass Driver, searing Napalm Cannon, and shield sucking Omega Cannon.  The secondaries are equally diverse and include such hits as the Napalm Missile that bursts into flame, the Frag Missile that bursts into a thousand shards, and the awesome gravity-altering Black Shark Missile that sucks your enemies into a black hole.Multiplayer is fantastic.  New multiplayer levels are always coming out and the action never grows old.  Descent 3 comes with many gameplay modes for multiplayer.  Anarchy is your traditional deathmatch, and as you might expect Team Anarchy is also present.  Capture the Flag is also represented, and built more like other games in this regard as opposed to the bizarre interpretation of it in Descent 2.  One of the more intriguing modes is Entropy, a team game where you must collect viruses and infect the bases of the opposing team.Being that this game will be four years old this year, it is becoming very hard to find it.  But, should you come across it, I would strongly recommend a purchase.  This is one of the finest PC games ever designed.  Just because players didn't acknowledge it back in 1999 doesn't mean you have to.  A fantastic game, a fantastic community, and years of playability.  Who could ask for anything more?prediction:4
reviewText:Star Ocean 2 is an excellent game that did not get as much attention as it deserved... but, I suppose that's a blessing in its own way since it kept the prices down and allowed me to get it extremely cheap.The storyline is not cliched or unoriginal, as some might think.  I hate it when people take a completely unique story, ignore all of its distinctive features, dumb it down into a bunch of sweeping generalizations, and then call it unoriginal.  The characters are far more likeable than the heroes Square has been churning out lately.  This story is a lot more lighthearted than Square's latest stories too, which will be seen as good by some players and bad by others.  I personally like the brighter and more heroic overtones of this game since it reminds me of Squaresoft's SNES titles, back when they truly did their best work.The sound effects are decent, though there aren't many of them except for special attacks and impact sounds.  The voices are good... not perfect, but good.  Sometimes their dialogue can be rather cheesy, but I haven't found any cases of bad translation or poor grammar.  Whoever said this game had poor translation needs to take a closer look at some of Square's latest titles, especially FF7 (&quot;Don't give her it&quot;).  And, it's a cool effect to have characters who speak during battle, and will say things in response to what happens in the fight.  The music is excellent, definitely reminiscent of the inspiring tunes of the SNES titles.  Each town has a different song with it, and the music in dungeons and the like will easily set the atmosphere.  The battle music is also fast-paced and catchy, as battle music should be.The battle system is awesome, combining some of the best aspects of action and strategy.  The fights are real-time, but the action is paused while you use menus, much like the original Secret of Mana.  Also, like Secret of Mana, you can assign your AI-controlled partners different things to do in battles, and they are very good when it comes to following your commands.  If you tell your healer to heal and stay away from the enemies, she will do just that.  You can choose various formations for battles.  Another interesting feature is that special attacks will use different effects depending on your range from the enemy.  For example, one attack called Air Slash will slice a circle around you if you are close to enemies, but will send a cutting shockwave across the field if they are at a distance.The character development aspects are wonderful.  You can to some extent control which characters will like others and how well they get along.  And, the closer they become, the more interesting things can happen.  This can even effect battles.  These aren't major things, but they certainly add a lot more depth and personality to the game.  You control which skills the characters learn as well.  Not only battle skills, but also metalwork, alchemy, cooking, art, photography, music...  all sorts of things.  And, all of the skills actually have some good use to them, rather than just being there as a gimmick.The graphics in this game are good as well.  They are rather cartoony, but the cartoon style conveys personality and emotion far better than polygons do.  There are also more subtle touches that add to it, such as birds flying over, seeing your character darken when you walk through a shadow, and seeing your reflection on water surfaces.All things considered, I don't see any major bad points to discuss in this game.  It's a great one to own, especially for anyone who likes the superior quality RPGs from the SNES days.prediction:4
reviewText:This game was immense.  The sheer volume of options in character development was overwhelming.  If you want a game on a grand scale, this is the one for you.  The storyline is very good and the skill system was a  very good idea.  Characters are not developed enough, but interaction  between them was interesting, especially the way that it affected the game.  The final battle is unfairly difficult.  It requires more skill than luck  to complete.  Replay value is probably this games greatest attribute.  Because the game is so affected by your actions, it can be very different.  Also, there are a wide variety of characters that you can use.  These  things combined with the skill system can make this into a somewhat  different game each time you play it.  If you are not short on patience,  this can be a very fun game with a lot of replay value.prediction:4
reviewText:The sequel to the game of the same name(which unfortunately was never released in America), Star Ocean 2 is the perfect RPG.The skill system is one of the things that sets it apart from any other game. There are around 40 skills to learn with 10 levels of profiency each(each of which requires a certain number of skill points to learn, which are gained when you level up). Combat skills are automatically executed, with the frequency depending on how many levels you have invested in the skill(examples, &quot;flip&quot; lets your character quickly move behind the enemy, where his defensive power is lower. &quot;parry&quot; lets you block attacks, &quot;motormouth&quot; lets you cast spells faster).The other skills have 2 purposes. They have an initial bonus to investing in them, and they can combine with other skills to produce specialty skills. For example, &quot;kitchen knife&quot; adds a huge boost to your strength stat, and if you add &quot;recipe&quot; and &quot;good eye&quot;, you will acquire the &quot;cooking&quot; super specialty skill, which allows you to create very powerful healing items out of base components(you can even make french toast this way!). If multiple characters have a high cooking skill, the super specialty skill &quot;Master Chef&quot; becomes availible, letting you make even more powerful healing items. There are similar skills for producing weapons, armor, and accessories. Other skills, like art or authoring, lets you make pictures to sell or books to publish, which can result it huge amounts of cash for you. There is even a skill that reduces the experience requirement for levelling up. This is the &quot;tip of the iceberg&quot; so to speak, so I will just say that the skill system is above and beyond any other game that I have played.The combat system is also excellent. You have 4 characters(out of a maximum of 8 in your party, which is out of 12 characters in the game) fight in real-time combat against enemies. You control a single character at a time while the rest follow the tactics that you set, and the AI for this feature is also well done. Your fighter characters have an assortment of &quot;killer moves&quot; instead of spells that let them unload a series of special attacks against the enemy. Words can't describe the flawlessness of this combat system; you would have to watch a trailer to get a real feel for it.The basic game is sufficiently challenging, but once you have played through the game you will be able to access higher difficulty settings(which are very very hard), which, combined with the variety of characters you can recruit, make for lots of replay value.Also of worthy note is the voice acting. Your characters will strike, yell, taunt, and basically talk during combat. They cry out a character's name who has just fallen to the enemy. If you have played Grandia 2, you will have an idea what I am talking about. The sound quality is clear and easy to understand, though when Claude yells &quot;Tear into pieces&quot; it sounds like he is saying &quot;Pear into peaches!&quot;.Plot is excellent, with a huge thing at the end of disk 1 that rivals Aeris in Final Fantasy 7 in terms of its impact on the plot.Overall fun factor is very high. This is the perfect RPG.prediction:4
reviewText:I must say....this game is alot of fun, there are many many many endings so replay value is great. I thought I would hate it, I don't care much for the &quot;sprite&quot; type char but after playing for just a hour , making your own weapons, food, goods........ well it was a blast. I would buy this !...... an well I have :)prediction:4
reviewText:I really liked this game.  I played pen & pencil Dungeons & Dragons for years, so I have an appreciation of the dungeon-master concept behind this game.  Dungeon Keeper 2 is a blend of real-time strategy, base-building, and sim-developing, but the real treat is being able to play as naughty as you want--and be rewarded for it!  There are a few things that I would change about DK2, but overall, I found it quite enjoyable, even years after its initial release.Gameplay: There are three different gameplay modes.  First, there is the campaign, which includes several mission in which you snuff out the lairs of heroes and rival keepers on your way to dominating the region.  Typically, you build a base by tunneling out rooms and finding gold, attract a legion of monster henchmen while doing so, and then take on the forces of your rival.  There is enough variation in the missions to prevent boredom, although there are a few very tough missions (especially the last two).  There is also a skirmish mode that lets you fight against 1-3 rival keepers while fighting off other interlopers. The skirmish game can be customized in various ways, although there are only about 20 maps.  Finally, there is a "my pet dungeon" mode for those who just want to build their subterranean masterpieces without being troubled by opposition (although you can choose to include set-piece battles against heroes). All of the gameplay modes have their appeal, though I liked the campaign and skirmish the best.  The game can be played online, but I suspect there is not much of a multiplayer community these days.The game is fairly easy to play, once you master the controls.  You'll need certain rooms in place (lair, hatchery, blacksmith, prison, torture chamber, and library) to really get things going, along with a number of choice spells (heal, rally, make gold) that can be researched at the library.  You have limited control of your creatures, beyond being able to drag and drop them.  You can take direct control over a creature with the possession spell and even have a number of creatures follow you.  This puts the game into first-person perspective, which can be fun but not all that useful in later stages of the campaign. But again, the real joy of the game is all of the naughty things that you can do, like torture captured heroes in your custom-built torture chamber, have corpses drug to your graveyard where they might eventually attract a vampire to do your bidding, or summon the god-like Horny Devil to turn the tide of a battle.  A fully fleshed-out dungeon feels almost like a small town under your control, and you can spend hours just admiring and tinkering with your handy work (or trying to keep your minions happy).  And though a somewhat dark game, DK2 has more than its share of humor, from the Vincent Price-like narrator to the casino that gives you a ridiculously funny treat if one of your monsters hits the jackpot.  The game never comes across as cheesy or trivial, but it obviously does not take itself too serious.Graphics: For a game that came out in the late 1990s, DK2 looks pretty good.  Models are detailed enough to be credible representations of various monsters, and animations are pretty decent.  Some models such as the enemy hero lords are used too often, but otherwise the visuals are good enough to allow the game to immerse you.Sounds: The game does have enough sound effects to convince you that it takes place in an underground dungeon.  However, the best sounds are the voice acting, which is top-knotch all the way around.  The narrator is both sinister and hilarious, and the enemy heroes are over-the-top in their arrogant, dismissive attitudes toward evil.  The music is okay, but not particularly gripping.Technical Issues: The game has been quite stable on my system, even though I have XP with service pack 2. Be sure to install the latest game patch before playing.Replayability/Value: I picked this game up new for about $12 on eBay, so I certainly got my money's worth. I don't see much replay value in the campaign, though I can imagine replaying it again at least once.  The skirmish mode is decent, and there are enough maps to keep you playing for a while.  If you are looking to play online, I'm afraid you'll have a hard time finding a game.Pros:+great concept for a game+terrific voice acting+a few different gameplay modes+the dark humor is spot on+"it's good to be bad"Cons:+no online community at this point+a few frustrating campaign missions+no modding community to speak ofprediction:4
reviewText:This game is a hoot. Taking the original's over-the-top Evil to a new level in graphics and a far improved first-person engine, it basically polishes and refines the gameplay of DK1.You control a variety of  minions (from Goblins to Dark Angels) with a variety of wants and needs,  all toward the larger purpose of wiping out the good in the world. And a  simpering, pompous sort of good it is, full of bloated speech and poseurs  who care at least as much about how good they look as they do about  fighting evil.Much like Bullfrog's Populous: The Beginning, however,  there isn't a lot of game here. It's more of a puzzle game than a real-time  strategy game, and once you solve the puzzle, actually enacting it is  usually pretty straightforward. Like P:TB, the beginning levels are easily  won by accident, making this a good game for children if you don't mind the  &quot;suggestive content&quot;. (Actually, all there is is that the Pain  Mistresses enjoy being tortured.  But we're not talking about &quot;Soldier  of Fortune&quot; violence or &quot;Panty Raider&quot; sexuality,  here.)Anyway, the aesthetics of it, the humor, the &quot;My Pet  Dungeon&quot; feature, and the overall attention to detail make it a hoot  to explore, even if it doesn't have a lot of depth, particularly for casual  gamers with a dark sense of humor.prediction:4
reviewText:We waited quite a while for Dungeon Keeper 2 to come out, and bought it immediately when it did. On one hand, it's great for a sequel. People who played DK1 will easily be able to pick up on moving units, building rooms,  lining corridors with traps.The graphics are better in the sense that  they're more geared towards future development. Instead of pixel-based  graphics, the creatures and rooms are now drawn with polygons. While that  makes some of the monsters look clumsy, it does mean that future graphics  will be much smoother and cleaner.Going down into your dungeon by  possessing a creature does not cause the creatures to turn into a cloud of  dots - the rooms you roam through are still crisp and easy to see. Roaming  through your own dungeons is one of the true pleasures of this game,  too!There are only a few extra rooms - you'd have hoped for much more  from a sequel that took this long to make. The casino is neat, if only  because a jackpot-winning minion starts dancing and singing when he wins.  (Disco Inferno!)Rooms have better graphics, though. The hen-houses in  the hatchery, the on-wall bookshelves and torture racks, everything shows a  subtle touch.If choosing between DK1 and DK2, I'd definitely recommend  people get this game. The challenges and gameplay in DK2 are better than  DK1, and DK1 has many new extra features like Pet Dungeons.New players  will appreciate having a well crafted game that is a fun challenge, while  experienced players will appreciate the subtle differences between the old  and new version.Don't expect a masterpiece of Sequelhood, but do expect  a fun strategy gaming experience that will last quite a while!prediction:4
reviewText:The graphics are decent, the objectives are challenging, and you get to play the villain...what could go wrong? True, it doesn't always work on all computers and crashes a lot but if you keep up with saves its not really that big of a deal. I do warn you that this game is pretty addictive once you get it running smoothly though.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought the original version of this (what's advertised here) as well as the "upgrade disk" to "Gold" (the full version of which is the better-known version), and recently bought the STEAM version.There is a patch to this which gives you a few extra features.  I have never been able to make it work on XP, and definitely can't make it work on modern hardware in XP.  There may be a way to do so, but I've never found it.The "Gold" version can be made to run on XP, with modern hardware... and there are some "fan-patches" out there that improve that somewhat.  It's still a challenge, however.The "Gold" version has a number of improvements, but one massive "downgrade."  That's with the "in-game videos."  The original version (THIS one) has videos done by actors (not GREAT actors, but competent ones).  The "Gold" version (which is also the basis for the STEAM version) has in-game videos using THE GAME DEVELOPERS playing parts... and doing so in HORRIBLE fashion (keep the day jobs, guys!).For anyone who doesn't know what I'm talking about, these aren't "FMV" bits, they're the things that show up on video screens throughout the game which are supposed to drive plot points and tell you what your next task ought to be.  The "improved" versions are almost unintelligible, and embarassingly badly-acted.  The original ones (in this version) are FAR better (even if slightly lower resolution).The good thing is that you can put the videos from this version into the other versions.  So...  that, alone, is a great reason to buy this version!Now, the STEAM version (which is, essentially, the "Gold" version) has somehow been altered, so that it plays perfectly on my high-end, modern PC.  But it has the cruddy "developers as actors" video bits.My recommendation?  Buy this...  and buy the STEAM version... and put the vids from this into the STEAM version's "FMV" folder.  That'll give you the best possible solution!If you have an older system, you'll be able to run this just fine, most likely, of course, but it's a REAL challenge - one I've never been able to achieve - to make it work on a modern system!prediction:4
reviewText:One of a finger-ful of first-person-shooters that actually tries something new, 'Aliens Vs Predator' is fantastic for as long as it lasts, which  unfortunately isn't all that long. Splitting the game into Marine, Alien  and Predator phases ensures great variety, but you feel that you're playing  three short games instead of one long one. Still, it's worth the price for  the Alien segments alone. Whilst the Marine stages are superior shoot-em-up  action with an extremely scary atmosphere, and the Predator section seems  oddly detatched (we never learn enough about the creature in the films to  care much, although the execution of his multiple vision modes is superb),  the Alien sections could be a game in themselves. Treating ceilings and  walls as if they were floors, as the Alien you have to keep yourself  hidden, and restrict your combat to quick darts from the shadows. The  feeling of power, as you cling to a roof high above your blinded,  blundering victim-to-be, is addictive, and soon you'll be disappointed that  people don't scream in horror when you approach them in real life.The  graphics and sound are top-notch, both in their own right and as  adaptations of existing material. The alien and human environments match  those of the film, and the selection of weaponry intelligently expands on  that presented in 'Aliens'. Best of all, there are lots of nice touches -  the sound and music is sampled from the films, the Predator's vision modes  switch with a familiar 'whack' noise, and you're encouraged to replay the  game by an extensive series of bonus items, bestowed by achieving certain  difficult goals. The short FMV sequences are top-notch, too.A word of  warning - it's extremely hard and very intense. The Marine spends most of  his time running backwards from approaching aliens (and if you stand on a  face-hugger, you will leap out of your skin), the Alien is vulnerable to  bullets, and the Predator, whilst tough, is overcome by sheer weight of  numbers. Unless you download a patch, you can't even save the game within a  mission, something which is both admirably brave of the programmers and  extremely intimidating.All in all, it's two-thirds superior shoot-em-up  and one-third genius, polished until it shines and pumped up with steroids.prediction:4
reviewText:I have been a Sonic fan since the beginning. I had played every single Sonic game for the Genesis. I had watched Sonic cartoon episodes and the Sonic movie countless times. I had read as many Sonic comics as I could handle. I crammed my head with as much stuff about Sonic as I could. I even created my own Sonic website. But, after a while the same old levels on the original Sonic games got old. I needed something new. I needed something fresh. Then, I heard about Sonic Adventure. Just because of me being a Sonic fanatic, Sonic Adventure and the Dreamcast were at the top of my Christmas list. Finally, I received it along with a Dreamcast and popped it in. As soon as the opening sequence began, I was stunned. I was amazed at the great graphics and use of real music with vocals and all. Plus, Sonic looked cooler than ever. Then, the game got even better because of the ability to be 6 different classic Sonic characters and some new ones. The game is perfect because each character has a different story line that blends in with another character's story. Plus, the classic Sonic and Tails brothership and Sonic and Knuckles competivness still remain. If you are a true Sonic fan like me, though, you might be a little disappointed. The game missed many classic Sonic elements and Sonic's orgin is totally changed. The Freedom Fighters are gone, Sonic lives on Earth instead of Mobius, and Tails' age has gone up by 6 years while Sonic's only has risen by 1. Plus, Sonic Adventure is more childish than previous Sonic games because of the Chao pets. The game should be more focused one defeating Robotnik instead of raising a little pet.Still, the game has the classic Sonic feel to it because the chaos emeralds are still intact, and when you collect them you can become an even better Super Sonic than the one in the previous years. Other great additions include mini-games and 3-D cinema scenes. One of the best parts of the game is the re-make of the original Ice Cap stage from Sonic 3 and the ability to ride a snowboard that you can actually control, unlike in the original. If you are a Sonic fan, this is a must-have.prediction:4
reviewText:Yes, this game makes me shed a tear because as I am writing this review two things are happeninga) Sega has all but given up on the DreamCast and is now moving on to being a third party developerb) memories of playing this game when I bought my DreamCast last year comes flooding backThis is a beautiful game and it will always be one of my favorite games on the DreamCast. It isn't really as fun as Sonic 1 or 2 on the Genesis, simply because it is heck lot more complicated...but if you likea) Detailed Graphics b) Clear sound c) A good adventure gameThis one is for you. I can't even think about a single reason why the Playstation's/PS2 popularity is continuing when the DreamCast has a much better mascot and a great game like this.Also you'll be moved by the heartbreaking story of the robot ally E-102 or something (that part when he died and the little bird was finally together with amy's bird) will make you want to cry.All in all, I'm kind of saddened that Sega's console is fading but if any game whose top notch gameplay can remain an eternal tribute to the dying console, then Sonic Adventure stands at the top, shining like the brightest star in the universe.Play it and remember it.prediction:4
reviewText:I dont like platform games.I thought id absolutely hate this ... game...but its really cool.The frame rate is absolutel amazing with NO NOT A BIT of pop up.The graphics are incredible as well.Sonic and his fully 3d environments look great.This game is really cool and is probably like nothing youve played.Sonic does huuuuuuuge cool jumps and runs real fast, and the frame rate and grphics keep up with him.The sound is also really good, the effects and music fit this game perfectly.prediction:4
reviewText:I really love platform games. I guess it is because I love to explore and make my way through those cool-looking worlds. And I have to tell you, Sonic Adventure's worlds look great. This was the very first 128 bit game I had played and boy, was I excited. The game really disappointed and annoyed me however.After playing through the game a bit, you will start to realize that after the fun action stages, you will begin a squence of boring and annoying cut-scenes (that you can't skip) that will drive you mad. Most of them involve sonic and Robotnik threatening each other, or just characters talking. Also, the characters will pause between almost every sentence. It takes forever for them to finish what they are saying, and you won't really care most of the time. Boring. If you make it through the cut-scenes, then you wander through the adventure stages, looking for the next action stage. Mainly by going to a red hint sphere that will say something like &quot;Have you searched the entire adventure stage yet?&quot;When you find another action stage, things will get a bit better, but only for a while. Some of the cool things you can do are snowboard, speed through a futuristic highway. Cool. But, then it is back to boredom and the annoying voices (especially tails.) If you are a real platfor fan, skip this one and get Rayman 2. It may not be super-fast, but it sure isn't boring. And it has better worlds and graphics.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the game that started it all for the Dreamcast.  Sonic got a new look and a whole new level of appreciation.  To bad after Sonic Adventure 2 things started to turn sour as he got ported to other Systems.Almost a decade later and I still have my appreciation for this title.Yes not everything is perfect, but it's still way above average.If you never played it before, please pick it up if you have a Dreamcast.  You will not be dissapointed at all and it is well worth the $10 you will spend for it.prediction:4
reviewText:Goodbye to 2D worlds and hello to 3D environments! Sonic and other returuning faves such as Tails, Knuckles, and Amy with new roles such as E-102 and Big the Cat (or Biggums as I like to call him). Now Sonic is putting a bigger emphasis on exploring in new worlds. The plot is easily one of the best! The dialouge between these characters are very good and not chessy one bit! Here the plot:Chaos 0 is released from the Master Emerald by Eggman and he feeds on the Chaos Emeralds. Chaos 0 is upset by an earlier experience but telling it would be a spolier. Six characters has a different storyline but in the end they all intersect into one huge battle. *SPOLIER* Chaos 0 turns into Chaos 7 and turns the town into his own personal waterpark. Sonic absorbs the posistive power of the emeralds and turns into Super Sonic to defeat the humongous, Chaos 7, and the fate of the world lies in the hand of Sonic the Hedgehog*SPOLIER*! Yuji Naki is the creator of the supreme hedgehog franchise. The only ... person is Big the Fat. The niggling fishing game must be removed! It's the worst thing on the planet! Thank God, Biggums is nowhere to be found in Sonic Adventure 2:Battle!prediction:4
reviewText:I reviewed this game a year ago. I gave it four stars then. I reviewed it again today. That rating is now at 5 stars.Before I start, I want to get a few things straight. Unfortunatly, Sega made the Dreamcast its last system. The Sega Saturn turned most people away from the Dreamcast, mainly because the Saturn (...). Production of Dreamcasts has stopped. This is why I own two. Sega moved from a First-Party developer to a Third-Party. They have started producing games for other systems, starting with Sonic Adventure 2 on the GameCube and Sonic Advance for the Game Boy Advance. Why they're hugging onto Nintendo, I don't know, but I thank them for not going to Sony or Microsoft. With that said, let's start talking about the game.First off, if Sonic Adventure is too fast or hard for you, just go sell your Dreamcast; you can't handle it. The game wasn't made to be fast or hard. It was made as an introduction to the Dreamcast's awesome power, and to carry the Sonic legend on. In my opinion, Sonic is easy. There is no point in buying a guide. It is just the right speed and I wish it was faster. But this is just my opinion.In a graphical standpoint, Sonic Adventure is amazing. The crisp visuals and not-so-often slowdown turned most people on. Rock on, Sega. 5 out of 5 for graphics.The sound. Whoo boy, there's the problem. It has an awesome soundtrack. But the voice acting? Did they hire a 5-year-old for Tails? Big sounds like a (...). Good voice choices elesewhere, but the acting (...). 3 out of 5, Sega. Redeem yourselves.Replay value? It skyrockets. There are five characters to play as, all with their own stories and objectives. The game doesn't end after each character has been completed. Instead, one more character is introduced, one that has been in every Sonic game to date. Can you guess his name? The first word rhymes with "cooper." 5 out of 5 for replay.The overall score? If you don't know that, you must be flipping. How many stars did I give it, genius? Read the review, for the love of Pete.Those who just pass up the Dreamcast because of Sega's past image are missing out on a treat. Happy Halloween, gamers. Go buy this system while there are still ones on the shelf. Pick up Sonic and Soul Calibur while you're at it. Good gaming.prediction:4
reviewText:If you own a Sega Dreamcast and do not own Sonic Adventure then your system is not complete. This game is truly amazing. It displays the power of the Dreamcast and delivers nothing but pure solid fun. It is unlike any of the older Sonic games (which by the way were pretty hard). Not only do you play as Sonic and other characters, but you get to play minigames and raise your own virtual pet. A must have for all Dreamcast owners.prediction:4
reviewText:How complicated must it be for Sega to make a game on a console that's still in development at the same time? And yet, the final game is a smash hit that happens to be pretty top-notch. They've pulled through then, I guess.The game lets you choose to play as 6 different characters (However, you unlock them by playing as Sonic first). We have Sonic (of course), Tails, Amy, Knuckles, E103 Omega, and....Big the Cat...Each of the characters have their own gameplay mechanics, as well as goals and certain levels. Below is the fun factor for each character.Sonic - The levels are actually pretty straightforward. You simply go from start to finish. And boy was it fun.. It's actually pretty close to the Genesis Sonic games, but in 3D. Collect rings, bash robots, you know..The good stuff. Plus, there are some new level-specific gameplay mechanics included, like Twinkle Park's bumper car riding, and Sky Chase's airplane combat! You may as well buy this game just for Sonic alone. After all, as the title character, he has the most levels to go through.Tails - More or less like Sonic's gameplay except he has to race Sonic (later, Eggman, in Speed Highway) in each level. It's not as bad as it may sound, because it only just keeps the pace going, which is great, and don't you think it's kind of exciting to find shortcuts when flying?Knuckles - Rather than going from start to finish, Knuckles has to find 3 Emeralds in each level. So how do you do so? You glide around the place and see if an Emerald is picked up on a radar (REALLY helpful), and they could be hidden in enemies or other places. The only minor (And only MINOR) downside with Knuckles is that there are only about 1 (or 2?) Emeralds throughout the game that could only be found by digging into the ground. I was expecting Knuckles's digging upgrade to be used a bit more specifically for finding Emeralds.Amy - She isn't as fast as the above 3 characters, but she still isn't a bad pick. Although having the same robot chase her throughout levels is a little cringe-inducing, Amy plays pretty well, as she can attack with her massive hammer.E103 Omega - Alright. Who expected a robot to be playable in a Sonic game? I certainly haven't, but I'm glad I am. Omega's gameplay involves massive deals of weaponry, as well as being able to hover later on, and do certain tasks in the levels. In Final Egg, for example, you must destroy Sonic dolls. In Emerald Coast, you catch Froggy. In other levels, you must go destoy other Omega robots! I absolutely love playing as this thing, as much as I love playing as the first 3 characters.Big - Big is a pretty lame downside to this game. He's slow, and you have to go fishing for things. It's as fun as described, and I certainly don't want to go back to playing as him. Sadly, you have to beat the game as all characters if you want to fight the actual last boss, Perfect Chaos, so........That pretty much covers up the characters. As for everything else, the level design is magnificent and lovingly crafted. Plus, the graphics are awesome for the time, and the soundtrack rocks!However, Sonic Adventure is not without flaws. The cutscenes aren't amazing, and while the story is nicely done, some bits of dialogue are a bother (THAT'S A CHAOS EMERALD! - Says Knuckles as 2 Chaos Emeralds have been spotted). Oh, yeah, and there's Big the Cat. Nevertheless, these are, of course, minor problems, as the game is so much fun that you'd hardly think about them.prediction:4
reviewText:When it came out, this game was HUGELY anticipated. After all, the Sonic the Hedgehog series is one of the most popular in videogame history. Was it worth the wait? Was it worth the hype? Is it worth picking up even now?The transition from 2D to 3D has been much discussed in the past, and you can see why. What works great in 2D doesn't always translate so well into the 3D world. And when a series makes this sometimes awkward transition there are usually a few hiccups.Sonic Adventure attempts to use level design that gives you the speed of the original games, while also featuring puzzle solving and rpg/adventure elements (talk to people, play mini-games, open doors, ect.). By featuring several different characters for you to play as, the game allows you to play a balanced game (sonic), blast through stages with nothing slowing you down (tails), run away like a chicken (amy), shoot everythign in sight (the robot), go on a treasure hunt (knuckles), or spend all your time fishing(?) (big the cat). Each of these elements is entertaining in its own right, but where the game really shines is the action scenes as sonic and tails. The adventure portion of this game suffers from the same flaw as many rpgs (namely, you can't find the stupid key to open the door). So the first time through you may hit a few snags. And the some of the more adventure/platformer elements can get VERY frustrating (I hate the platforming section of the snow level and the skydeck level in particular). And of course, the collision detection, polygon clipping, and camera problems are pretty darn buggy.Still, you've got to love this game. The graphics are great, some of the levels (the first level, windy valley, and speed highway especially) are just plain awesome. Everyone should at the very least play this game, and true videogames fans should own it. It has flaws that can't be ignored, but there are enough moments of greatness (how about the part in the temple where you see the stone carving of chaos destroying the world?!) to more than make up for it. Definitely check it out.prediction:4
reviewText:Sonic Adventure took Sonic to an amazing level, and it only took 5 years of Sega Saturn failures. The first thing Sonic does is fight a monster called "Chaos". After beating Chaos, the camera turns to Eggman, who ominously tells himself Sonic has no idea what he is up against... the perfect start to the game. Sonic then goes off to rescue Tails from a plane crash, starting the first level. Emerald Coast was a beautifully rendered beach with a beautiful theme and HUGE 3D ACTION! The camera shifts and Sonic is suddenly is being chased by a giant whale! After that he runs through a tight cave... and then finally rescues Tails! After a happy reunion, Eggman steals Tail's Chaos Emerald and feeds it to... Chaos the monster. Congratulations, you can now play as Tails! He can fly! His levels involve racing Sonic and Eggman (Just like in Sonic R!), and thats about it. The best thing about Tails was his inspirational motto, "I want to fly high! I shall belive in myself!". After Tails was Knuckles, who had a totally different story. One night he was rethinking his life and why exactly he was guarding the Master Emerald, when somebody steals the Master Emerald (way to go, Knucklehead)! His levels are composed of finding the Master Emerald pieces. Knuckles wasn't nearly as good as Tails. After Knuckles comes Amy Rose, Sonic's... girlfriend. Her levels focused on platforming while avoiding a robot that decided to chase her. Maybe a 6 year old girl would find Amy and her obnoxious theme song cool, but the teenage nerd reviewing this finds Amy very annoying. Big was next... and Sega really should avoided this idea while in development. Big is a BIG "cat", according to the Sonic Team. He really looked like a purple bunny-bear creature. His whole goal was to find his pet frog... Froggy (what a clever name!). It was torture watching him trudge to some water in the great zones Sonic and Tails enjoyed. Twinkle Park was only a lake for Big. For Sonic it was a bumper car ride followed by intense platforming, and the great voices Sonic, Tails, Amy, E-102 Gamma, and Eggman made Big even worse. In a dumb voice Big constantly shouts "FROGGY! WHERE ARE YA!?".Thankfully, E102 Gamma came after Big. Gamma is a robot built by Eggman. You start out following Eggman's orders: Shoot the Sonic Doll, shoot the real Sonic, lock Amy in jail. After that, Gamma accidently sees Eggman torturing his robot rival, Beta, and starts to wonder if he should follow Eggman's rules. Like every good robot character, Gamma decides to betray Eggman and find his true destiny...*SPOILER!*Which, sadly, is exploding while sad music plays.*SPOILER OVER*Update (10/19/12): Okay, I am almost through with this game and feel like throwing up. The end is VERY intense, with the Final Egg level almost being impossible due to collision issues and camera bugs, but I got through it. Chaos actually succeeds and completely destroys the city (which is only made worse by the Dreamcast / Gamecube's jaw-dropping graphics), and the song that plays (Open Your Heart) really makes me sick. Awesome.prediction:4
reviewText:I am not a huge fan of the 3D fighting games, I prefer 2D fighters, but I must say Virtua fighter 3tb is a great game. I bought this game a few days ago and played it, and I liked it. It is different from 2D fighters in the sense that it adds more realism to the bouts, no fancy fireballs or stuff like that, just pure strategic hand to hand contact fighting. It takes a while to know your moves but once you get it you will enjoy this game. I gave it three stars because I still haven't learned the moves, and I hear Soul Calibur is the better choice, but do not dismiss this game just yet, it will definetely deliver.prediction:4
reviewText:System Shock 2 is most likely the scariest game I have ever played, Half-life being the only close contender.  As good as HL is, though, SS2 tops it with more storyline and depth and personality.  I'm an RPG fan and I'd consider SS2 more of an action game than an RPG, but the game still allows you to configure your character in ways that deeply affect the gameplay.  First time through I played as a psionics guy who wielded hand-to-hand weapons.  Late in the game I was able to use an invisibility psi power, run up to enemies, and whack the bejeezus out of them.  I didn't have to use guns much, and when I did I just used the cheesy little pistol.  Next time I play I'm going to specialize in guns and be a long-distance sniper.  The role-playing elements are not that deep, but I still greatly appreciate the opportunity to choose how my character develops.  That's why this game is better than Half-life.I tried to go back and play the original System Shock while I was playing this game and even though I had played and loved the original when it came out, I found the interface way too annoying now to play it. In System Shock 2, the graphics are much much better, and the interface is nice and clean -- very configurable and fairly easy to use even when I was juggling psi powers and healing hypos while backing away from an enemy.I only have a couple complaints about the game: loading times were annoyingly long -- one and a half to two minutes.  This made the difficult sections where I died a lot tough to slog through.  Also, there was one place where I had to use a walkthrough because even though I had the in-game gamma correction turned up all the way, I still couldn't see a passageway I had to go through.  I had to turn up the brightness on my monitor to find it.  You're probably thinking &quot;No duh, dummy&quot;, but I like to play with a low brightness level (makes the game extra scary at night) and I was able to see everything fine except for this one area.  A minor point though -- in general the level design was linear but good.I think I had a nightmare about the cyborg assassins in this game -- the sign of a truly cool and frightening enemy.  If you like half-life (or first person shooters in general) but would like something a little meatier that lets you have an inventory and customizable stats, SS2 is for you.prediction:4
reviewText:With all the great reviews, I thought I would give it a try.  Yeah, it's dated, but I expected that.  Some dated games are fun...I just didn't think this was one of them.  I played it for about 5 hours on "normal", which was enough time to learn the controls and understand the game play.  The map is difficult to read/understand.  The psychic abilities are okay, but switching to them takes a little time...enough time for the zombies or monkeys to kill you.  I found the interface a bit clunky.  I just couldn't get excited about this game or the story/narration.  I thought it was tedious, not fun.I was able to get this working on Windows XP Home SP3, but it took a little effort.If you need help, go to youtube and search for this video: hHg1cXfTUBcHe does a good job of explaining how to do it.Here it is in a nutshell:install the gamefind, download, and install SystemShock2_patch.exein the installation folder, rename sshock2.exe to sshock2.oldfind and download SystemShock2_xp_2000_fix.zipcopy the exe from the above zip file to the installation folderin the installation folderopen shock.cfg with notepadat the end of that file, on a separate line, add this: safe_texture_managersave and exit the fileWindows XP boot.ini changes (BE CAREFUL!)go to control panel, system, advanced, startup and recovery, settingsclick editadd the following line under the [operating system] section:multi(0)disk(0)rdisk(0)partition(1)\WINDOWS="Microsoft Windows XP - System Shock 2 Game" /noexecute=optin /fastdetect /numproc=1save the boot.ini filerebootwhen prompted, select the "Microsoft Windows XP - System Shock 2 Game" optionWindows boots like usualplay the gameAfter you play the game through to its ending, be sure to remove the "numproc=1" line that you added to boot.ini.Visit my Amazon Collections to see my 4-star and 5-star PC games:http://www.amazon.com/gp/customers/A12LH2100CKQO/collectionsprediction:4
reviewText:Silent Hill in space and just about as annoying. I understand the tension that the developers were trying to create and they succeed but this is ridiculous.  Constantly low on ammo with weapons so defective the manufacturers would be promptly put out of business all the while being attacked by hordes of wrench wielding, regenerating zombies.  You aint gotta chance and thank heavens for cheats or I wouldn't be bothered.  If you could get it for under 10 bucks go for it and kill some time.  But I sure wouldn't spend the money that is being demanded on Amazon.prediction:4
reviewText:My favorite thing about SSII is that it tells a coherent story that makes sense.  Every action you take in SSII is motivated by a desire to accomplish a clearly-stated objective.  Goals are not assigned arbitrarily, either, and are extremely well-explained by the superb voice acting.  When you accomplish a mission, you are rewarded with access to more areas of the ship and new missions to accomplish.Another great aspect of this game is the way it flows.  There are no levels, other than levels/decks within the ship you are trying to escape from, and accomplishing certain objectives means traversing multiple decks.There are times when this game is extremely scary.  It's designed to frighten you, and at times it accomplishes this goal very well.  The music is mostly techno, but it's scary techno.  That might not make sense to you, but trust me, it can be very intimidating at times.If you haven't played the original System Shock read up on its plot before you play this game.  The background information you gain will help you out a lot.Overall, this is on my top ten all-time.prediction:4
reviewText:Now I love pc and console role playing games as well as pc shooters.  So when I found out about this game years ago I was in heaven!!!  The game is a great mix of first person shooter, role playing, and horror!  Things come at you from around the corner and the very ship you're on is out to get you!  Awesome!  Since it came out years ago it's able to play on even the lowest spec computer.  Graphics may not be up with today's realistic "junk" but who cares this game will scare the crap out of you!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Well, this is a bit tricky. Ya see, as far as light gun shooters go this is by far the best I've ever seen on any system, at any time. On the other hand, some things are just plain awful. Well, lets start with the good.The graphics are just plain jaw dropping. The backgrounds and environments are a little simple, but the zombies and the way they react to being shot is insane. The first time I saw this game I couldn't believe me eyes. The sheer amount of enemies, the fast pace, the gruesome look. You won't really notice the bad when you're looking through the sight of a gun blasting down anything that moves trying to stay alive.The way zombies react to being shot is amazing. You'll have to pump several rounds into the body to kill one, usually blasting a hole clean through them. Even a well placed headshot may not do the trick though, as some zombies will keep coming at you even with half their face blown clean off. Others are armored and armed to the teeth and know how to use tools for protection. It makes it quite interesting.So far as zombie graphics and good shooting fun go, this game is simply unmatched. Story wise however, it fails so hard it hurts. The script and voice acting is just atrocious. One of the worse in video game history. I don't know if it's meant to be some kinda B movie joke, but it's not funny. It's just, plain, awful. Thankfully you can skip it all and save yourself the headache.Sadly you can beat it in a single 30 minute sitting or so, but these games are never really all that long. A training mode adds some length, but that doesn't last long before it just gets dull. This isn't a deep game, this isn't genre busting... it's just a good and fun ol' fashion shoot em up with some gruesomely cool gore. I still play it whenever I'm in the mood for something different, and for the most part it's still a lot of fun. That's a lot of replay value. If you can still find it, it's real cheap these days. Great game to play with friends and after Trigun marathons. Well worth the sub $$$ range.- Rirath_comprediction:4
reviewText:There is something magical about this game. Everytime you play it, you will surely enjoy it. The graphics on Dreamcast are better, smoother, faster, more stable than those on PC. I can't wait until I get my Dreamcast Pistol Light Gun and try it with this game. I played the game on Arcade machines for years and finished it many times; I really enjoyed every single moment. After that, I got it on PC, and it was a good experience with a PC light gun like the Sega Automag. Finally, I got it for Dreamcast. I enjoyed the 2-player game with my friends. But I am sure that the maximum and ultimate fun will be playing the game with the dreamcast pistol light gun. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED CLASSIC. Get it NOW and you will know what the word &quot;fun&quot; means.prediction:4
reviewText:The console light gun game is something of a neglected genre. In the case of the Dreamcast, that problem can easily be attributed to Sega wussing out on releasing their own gun peripheral in light of the Columbine massacre. Thankfully, a number of third-party companies were willing to pick up the slack, and, thus, by spending some extra cash, you can play this highly enjoyable frag-a-thon the way it was MEANT to be played.House of the Dead 2 gets my vote as the best &quot;traditional&quot; (meaning you kill things) light gun game available on a home system (Namco's Point Blank series, I think, has it beat in terms of potential enjoyability, but that's another kettle of fish). It's also one of the hardest. Even on the easiest setting with maximum health and credits, blasting your way through it is no small feat. Most enemies can sustain multiple shots, and dealing with several of them at once while not getting cut or bitten or tackled or whatever will challenge all but the fastest trigger fingers. For even more of a challenge, just try nailing all of those agonizingly evasive bonus items that appear when you shoot barrels, crates, etc.House of the Dead 2 is not content to force you down the same path every time you play. Depending on how many civillians you rescue, and which ones, you will be sent in different directions within the same stage and the bosses will vary their attacks accordingly, so it's impossible to see everything the game has to offer in one session. Of course, the civillians are typical helpless weenies, begging pathetically for mercy and cowering in corners (one guy even dies from a single kick to the rib cage if you don't save him in time...WIMP!). Their voice acting, as well as that of the heroes and villains, is unsurprisingly weak, but the B-movie quality sort of adds to the feel of the game.Graphics are mightily impressive, and pretty atmospheric, too; the look of a gloomy European town is captured quite well.The soundtrack, while not exactly stellar, is certainly passable.There's also a training mode where you must accomplish tasks like blowing zombies off a moving car. It's nowhere near as fun as the main game because there's really no margin for error, but it's a nice touch nonetheless.Pointing a gun (plastic or not) at the screen and blasting away is a wonderfully primal, visceral video game experience, and you'd be hard pressed to find a better excuse to do it than this. The high level of difficulty may turn some people off, but for those of us who can only go for so long without shooting something, it's a real treat as well as a great reason to own a Dreamcast.prediction:4
reviewText:It's games like these that make us nerds love the Dreamcast.Dynamite Cop was one of my favorite arcade games back in the day, and this version brings those memories flooding back; you could call this a perfect port, which is something the Dreamcast has always been very good at. If you're like me and ran to the arcade to play this back when it was around, you'll love this version too. Definite recommendation.To those who haven't played before: you choose from one of three secret agents and fight your way through a pirate-infested cruise ship. I hesitate to call it appropriate for all ages, as there are scary moments, gunfire, and explosions, but as long as your kiddies aren't averse to that, it's pretty tame, and never gory. But other than that, this is arcade beat-em-up action at its finest.prediction:4
reviewText:Alright, ill start off with the bad,then the good.The first bad part of the game that plagues every sport game, it takes to much blankin memory.Good lord, the back says it takes 184.hey, they {were incorrect], 189.sounds like it doesnt make a difference, well it does.if it took as much as they say it did,i wouldnt have had to delete game files to play it.....another thing, although the games sound is excellent, the voive over becomes repetetive after some amount of hours in gameplay.Now to the good.The gameplay is great,decently fast, with varied difficulty levels.However, if youre playing rookie, then you move up to pro.its almost impossible, the learning curve is high.But the graphics look really great.im not comparing this game to its more famous counterpart nfl2k1.Im saying the graphics are great, sound is just as great,and gameplay is excellent.You can create your own player(it has a good create a player mode)or even a team!!however, what really stinks is you cant play with a created team in a season,thats stupid.Now the season mode is pretty cool.you could have fun with this even if you dont like football, and if you do like me, youll have ablast.And with the great price it has, it wont put a big bend in your wallet.solid.prediction:4
reviewText:I am not a big football person but this game has sparked my interested.  I am enjoying the play action, the realistic graphics, and all the high quality sound.  It is worth owning.prediction:4
reviewText:I was one of the many who bought Dreamcast on the day it was released and along with the system I also bought four games: NFL 2K, Ready to Rumble Boxing, SoulCaliber, and House of the Dead 2.  About a month later I got NBA 2K, my expectations were high because NFL 2K was so good.  Well, I have to tell you, I've had this game for over a year now and I still can't stop playing it.  Everything about NBA 2K is so accurate and well presented that I keep coming back for more.  The gameplay is phenomenal, so life like that you sometimes feel as if your watching a game on tv rather than playing it.  There are also great options, including season mode, trades, fantasy drafts, and create a player modes.  The only negative thing I can say about this game is that in almost every game a player gets injured which is annoying.  But other than that, this game has great replay value and is a great addition to any Sega Dreamcast collection.prediction:4
reviewText:The first foremost negative aspect about this game is the fact that it doesn't really have a soundtrack. It's only got two songs on the CD and this is quite a shock and disapointment since, for example, Mechwarrior 2: Mercenaries had a full, awesome soundtrack. Nevertheless, the 2 songs seemlesly integrate themselves into the feeling and the repeats aren't that noticeable.The game has a good plot, good graphics and good action. In multiplayer it's even better, but the system of finding a server could have been easier and more straight-forward. Matching is done via a Microsoft website where you can find games and chatrooms and you also need to have installed Zonematch, a small program similar to MSN Messenger. In my opinion everything should be incorporated into an in-game multiplayer interface, just like the majority of other titles out there.You, along with other troops are sent on a mission to neutralize enemy forces occupying a planet. As you reach orbit the dropships are shot down by enemy forces. You have to fight your way through, meet up with your other lancemates that were also shot down and find a way to get off the planet alive while at the same time driving to accomplish your mission.The game puts you in the cockpit of awesome, powerful, 80-ton humanoid warmachines with enough firepower to level a city. The array of mechs and arsenal won't disappoint. Customize your warmachine any way you want and take it to the battlefield.I especially like the mission commentaries, video feeds and voice acting, they're very well done and really help create the overall atmosphere.BE ADVISED! The game out of the box may have slight incompatibility issues with Windows XP especially if you have Service Pack 2 installed, so make sure you grab yourself the latest game update patch from the internet! Once patched it runs without any problems.prediction:4
reviewText:when I first received The package I open it as fast as possible. I inserted it in the system and played it for a few hours and enjoyed every minute. All the buttons worked so wonderfully I couldnt believe how much it played like the original. I could say to everybody, If you want to relive the past buy this controller. You will never regret it in any way,shape or form. Come on go buy it.prediction:4
reviewText:Not great but it does the job just fine, And for the price it makes no sense to complain about an item that works.prediction:4
reviewText:I was hesitant to get this program. I am not a frequent fan of Scrabble and felt that their earlier incarnations were sub-par. The 80's was just black and white and the Deluxe Version didn't take advantage of the technology (both are DOS). The Windows version before this came close, but resetting your color settings was annoying. This new version blows all previous versions out of the water. Finally, a choice of board views: slant or up and you can still easily read the word score tiles on the topside view (my favorite) and if you have the right soundboard, you will hear an orchestra of stupendous music. Please treat yourself to a soundboard (like the Turtle Beach Santa Cruz) it is fabulous! Of course, if you prefer, you can turn off the music. You have three choices of board styles, a MUCH better selection of background art (no more dark and dreary somber backgrounds like the last version!!!) and a more realistic selection of replacement tiles; just like playing for real. You can also select auto-pick or have the computer auto-pick for you. Scrabble fans must have wrote in with suggestions on improving the game (I hope!) and it looks like they've listened. I hope they listen to that disappointed player who said they couldn't get tech support for it. I saw a patch for it at hasbrointeractive.com, but I think the patch solves mainly multiplayer issues, and not the ones the disappointed player has. I sincerely hope the problems for that person are resolved, as this is a great game, giving you more choices, more realistic play and is greatly entertaining.prediction:4
reviewText:Wow, this game is amazing. A must buy for anyone who absolutely loves rollercoasters like me. I bought this game recieved from Amazon, who delivered in excellent condiion, and played it the day I got it. At first I thought the game was mundane and boring, but I hung in there, and before I knew it I had a very successful amusement park, and I met my goal in no time at all. My Culinary Arts teacher, Mrs. Vickie Harrington, known on here as Ms.Parrothead, got me addicted to this game, and I love it. Please buy this game from Amazon. Amazon definitely delivers every time!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:I happened to play Sim Theme Park (STP) first, which I liked, but in which the gameplay was constantly interrupted by a need to fix the rides.  And while playing it, I was thinking, &quot;Well, if that wasn't part of the game, what would there be left to do?&quot; Now I get it.You can set up a park in Roller Coaster Tycoon (RCT) that basically runs itself.  If you staff it well, you won't even have to worry (much) about the usual things that turn guests off (litter, vandalism, lack of facilities, etc). And what are you doing during all this? Planning expansions. Landscaping. Building roller-coasters. And it's surprisingly entertaining.A comparison with STP is useful here: In STP I would repeatedly find some little detail and think &quot;Well, that was cool.&quot; The artistry of that game is elaborate--but inside of a week or two of fairly casual play, I had seen all there was to see. In RCT, though, the sensation one has is of actually making a park his own, as opposed to just arranging elements that an artist has given him. (You're still arranging someone else's artwork in RCT, but the pieces are small enough tht it doesn't feel that way.)STP has the ultra-cool first-person perspective option courtesy Bullfrog's ultra-cool Dungeon Keeper/Populous/Theme Park engine--and yet the graphics in that game are so gaudy as to be somewhat tiring. RCT's decidedly more primitive graphics are actually easier to look at after a while, and really encourage you to landscape your park! The two main drawbacks of the engine are that there's no first person view and that you can only rotate the isometric view by 90 degrees.STP's free rotation and zoom would be welcome here, but RCT provides myriad different views by allowing you to hide different features of the park and terrain. In fact, the depth of various RCT tools are amazing, some of which I was surprised were left out of STP (which was released after).  In fact, I find myself hesitant to state that there are tools missing from RCT because I've found so many of them after thinking &quot;I wish the game gave me a way to....&quot;.The game is not perfect, of course. What is the deal with handymen? In STP you could drop your handyman on top of six piles of vomit and he might just walk away. In RCT, he'll clean them up, but you'll wonder why he hadn't done it before. (The manuals even admonish you that your handymen are sort of clueless. I think it must be some sort of AI problem.)The route-setting mechanism in RCT is more primitive than STP's (where you just have to drag your mouse around the area you want your worker to partol) but surprisingly RCT's works better in the sense that it's much easier to add or remove a section of the park from someone's route. Neither game has a feature for you to say &quot;Who's patrolling this area?&quot; which results in some drudge work when your park gets big. You can't rename your workers in RCT, either, which was a big help in STP for keeping track of them.Also RCT allows you to do some very cool stuff with tunnels and bridges, but it's hard to patrol those areas. In an early game I ended up putting a roller-coaster very, very high up because of the way the terrain was, and I could =not= get mechanics to inspect the ride, resulting in the deaths of 16 poor little sims when the coaster suddenly flew off the track. (So much for that &quot;Safest Park&quot; award.)Probably the most disturbing aspect of the AI in this game is how easily the guests get lost. One of the maps has a beautiful flower garden arranged in columns with one aisle going down the center, and guests entering that will never find their way out. You can build a perfectly feasible real-world map and end up with an RCT-world mess. Often a creative solution is available, though.But again, most of these complaints feel like nitpicks. I can see why this game has persisted on the top ten charts for two years, and I'm glad I got it as a sort of &quot;antidote&quot; to &quot;Black and White&quot;. It doesn't ask you any deep philosophical questions, and it doesn't really challenge one's ideas about what computer games can be or do: It's just fun.Before I end this, let me add that this game is somewhat tougher to learn than Sim Theme Park. I could see 6-8 year olds playing STP whereas this game strikes me as having a 10-year old lower level.prediction:4
reviewText:Why not buy this version you ask?  You may be saying to yourself I'll buy this one and see if I like it then I'll buy the expansions, but I guarantee if you buy this game, three months later want BOTH expansion packs as well as Rollercoaster II.  So spend the extra ten bucks now and get the two expansions.This game is incredibly addictive, just when you think you've got everything figured out, you'll find something new that you want to do.  I have had this game for six months, four months ago I had every land beat. But I kept playing, even on parks that have been completed I still love just picking some angry guest and do everything I can to make him happy.  I destroy old coasters and build my own design.  This game has enough to do to keep even the most veteran gamers happy.  The game earns five stars and higher if I could.  But I only gave it one star because for ten bucks more you can almost quadruple your fun!BUY IT!prediction:4
reviewText:This is a good game and my 11 year old son loves to play it.  This game can be installed on a PC running Windows XP Home Edition and will run fine but you can get better performance if you use the Windows Compatibility Wizard.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is very very good, because it has the real-life thinking, it runs on slow computers, like mine, it doesn't that that much space up, and it's fun too. The only probalm with this game is the money, there isn't any free-for-all levels, which makes it less-addidive, there are lots of things to do, completing parks takes too long, and too hard though. (The money)There is hunger, Thirst, Happyness, Nausa, and Bathroom, I like to rise the money for bathroom a lot, so people after it hits really high, they have to go. The downside to this game is, even if you make a great park, if your people have to pay everytime they go on a ride, they get broke, and leave, or get mad, trying to find there way out (This happened to me) so just make park enternce 60 dollars, and everything free. (even food) What my 2nd favorite thing to do in the game is, make roller costers that stack on each other, you can make a roller by just ONE land by.... Rising the land first, not too high though, then get a roller coster picked, the put the first roller coster path on the high land you made, and build on! You can make lots of stuff, in a small area! Graphics, ok, this is good, but nothing like what today is, plus, people can get stuck on Water Rides, for no reasons, and it isn't perceft on making a good life like roller coster because parts show on and off, Graphics:4/10 Fun, this game is the MOST addidive game ever! Fun:9.5/10 Gameplay, this can last you, like 100+ hours Gameplay:10/10 Sound, this is a bad thing in the game, like only the sound of kids and roller costers, needs SOUND:5/10 Overall, this game is great, if you like fun games, get this:8/10 which is Great, and 4 stars goes to Roller Coster Tycoon!prediction:4
reviewText:I remember playing this game as a kid, and when I came across it again years later I wanted to play it. I'm happy to say that its even better than i remember. Create large parks, entertain lots of guests, basically create your own world! I love this game to bits, and yes its a bit old and dated but for me its perfect. If you played this as a kid and loved it, pick it up again. If you are new to it, maybe look at a video of the game play and see if it is something you could enjoy. I love this game to death I'm keeping it forever!prediction:4
reviewText:As the game host..., I was eager to get my hands on this gamewhen it game out. Like Pharoh and Caesar III, this is a game ofdesigning buildings and walkways to keep your people happy. In this case the people are not residents, although with some staying in your park for 60 days or more, you have to wonder where they are sleeping! And, like all games, you start with rather easy missions and work your way forward.You begin by planning walkways that make sense for your visitors, and putting down inexpensive but entertaining rides. Each visitor has his or her own sense of what's fun - something exciting, something laid back, something truly wild or something mild. You need to set up food, drink and restrooms, and put out benches and trashcans. You hire repairmen, sweepers, entertainers, and security folk. Vandalism can strike, and rides can break down.The game, once set up well, can almost run itself. Your various minions roam around your park, cleaning and fixing items. You earn money based on quite a few variables - how much you charge at the gate, how much you charge for food, how much you charge for each ride. Rain comes and visitors are now buying umbrellas, and avoiding the open rides. Marketing campaigns can help your draw, although coupons might affect profits short-term.There are great graphs to help you manage the economics of your strategy, and the graphics themselves are quite fun! The merry-go-round spins, the roller-coaster cars fill with little people and go around the tracks. You can customize colors, add statuary, research new theme decorations like Egyptian and Roman buildings. You can raise and lower terrain, building raised walkways and underground roller coaster tunnels.The game will run quite well on a low-end system, which can't be said for its rival, SimThemePark. It's easy to use, and quite satisfying to play. You can name the park, name each ride, and even name each individual visitor! It's easy to get attached to your creation, and sit for hours tweaking it.The game was entertaining both for me and for my 11 year old son. We both found the options varied and fun. My son especially enjoyed when you accidentially cranked a roller-coaster's speed up too high - the practice run would set the cars careening off the track, warning you to decrease the speed a bit!Our only complaint has to do with item placement - if you raise and then lower a piece of land, it double-charges you for each phase of the change. There isn't really an undo feature, so if you make a mistake (which can be easy, sometimes) there is no simple way to just go back to your previous state. With blocks of land easily hid behind other blocks (despite their many view options), you often have to lower whole regions of land simply to &quot;get to&quot; the blocked one, wasting hundreds of dollars.Also, with no 'fast forward', you often have to go eat dinner or watch a movie before your park, which has met the 'winning criteria', finally gets through the years required for the trophy. It'll run itself all the while, but it can get quite tedious.With that small amount of inconvenience, however, this is a great game for computer users of all ages, and with the varied terrains available, one able to always offer a new challenge!prediction:4
reviewText:Just when I thought there wasn't a better game out there than 'The Sims', 'Roller Coaster Tycoon' gives that game a run for its money.  This game is so fun!  You don't just get to build roller coasters, you can build log rides, water slides, and a variety of other pre-made carnival rides: carousels, ferris wheels, etc.  Add paths, scenery, and shops and you have the park of your dreams!  It's so rewarding to watch the little people clamor to get in line for your rides, and to see them jump up and down with glee if they enjoyed the ride.  If they're hungry, build them a popcorn stand.  If they're tired, build them some benches.  Though the game looks a little complicated and overwhelming at first, once you get the hang of it, you'll be fine.  The manual is pretty good and should help you along.  My only complaints are the sound effects -- hearing the people squeal with glee is great, but hearing the toilets in the little bathrooms flush is not.  Whether you're a kid at heart who has always loved amusement parks, or a tycoon-in-training, you're bound to like this game.prediction:4
reviewText:In what other game can you build a 10 mile go kart track, hire security guards, and clean up puke?Roller Coaster Tycoon an extremely fun amusement park simulator. You can design your own parks and rides, set your prices, and attend to your guests needs.This game is appealing to children and to adults, particularly because things can get pretty complicated. This game will teach you manage many things at once quickly!The disasters that strike are awesome, and the graphics are good, 2-d or not. I recommend this game to anyone. It may get a little tedious in expert levels, but it's a blast to play.prediction:4
reviewText:Its fun and all but STILL NO COASTER CAM!!!! i wonder why? but the game is still fun. I like the gameplay and i like the fact that it is NOT HARD!!! and the game is not boring. Graphics are goooood and not blockey if you are a roller coaster tycoon fan ther is a web site calld roller coaster tycoon . com and you can look at stuff for the game. And i like the way you make rides the game makes makeing roller coasters fun and makeing your park fun . So by thes fun and NOT hard game now you will love it!!!.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is one of the best out there. You dont need a supercomputer. In fact this is one game where the requierments will let it run just fine. Pros: very addictive, fun, realistic, low requierments. Cons: very easy, time consuming(there are time limits, but you need to wait until the time expiers-very annoying). Overall this game is well worth the money, expesaly if you buy loopy landscapes (the expainsion)prediction:4
reviewText:I am not given to strong statements, but in this case I will make an exception---THE BEST GAME EVER!  It's very easy to get started, will run on &quot;slower&quot; computers, and once you get into it, you can't get out!  You get totally lost in the world you create---it's so much fun making  rides and then watching people enjoy them!  I love the way you can pick a  certain person to watch, and see what rides they pick, the way you have SO  much control over designing rides, the ease of making coasters, although  they can be quite fancy, basically I love everything about this game.  I am  not a &quot;gamer&quot; but I got so hooked on this it was almost scary!prediction:4
reviewText:I got this little guy the day it came out in the summer. I don't know if its been laziness that kept me from writing a review, or just the fact  that everybody already knows this game rules. First the bad stuff, the  graphics kinda... well they aren't on par with current games, but its not  like its gonna turn you off from this game, if it does than youv'e got some  problems. This game is also EXTREMELY addictive. You'll play it everyday  for hours on end, but once you beat it or run low of energy, you'll want to  burn it at the stake. Yes, after you log in about 200 hours you will start  to hate the game and never want to see it again, but after a few months,  you will return to the wimsicle world that is RCT. The game is like every  other sim game, build the rides, advertise, get the cash, get bigger rides.  Your laid out with missions to accomplish in the alloted time limit, so no  sluffin' off here. You soon get bigger rides and better add-ons to your  rides. You need to hire people to research rides, watch the park and yes,  scoop up the throw-up of your more queasy guests. Sure, Sim Theme Park may  look a little nicer, but RTS has the man meat were it counts, and thats in  pure fun.prediction:4
reviewText:There are few games inspired by movies that capture the feel of those movies as well as Dark Forces II: Jedi Knight has. It isn't any one thing that does it, be it the music, the graphics, the characters or the sound  effects, that draw the player so completely into the game until all senses  are immersed in the environment, but rather they all combine so perfectly  that Jedi Knight accomplishes just that. If I had anything approaching a  complaint it might be that those 20 levels go by awfully fast.The  player assumes the role of and control of Kyle Katarn, a former Imperial  agent who turned against the Empire to help the Rebellion against the  fearsome new Dark Trooper project. Now, it's five years later and the  Empire has been defeated, but Katarn hasn't been sitting on his laurels,  this time it's personal. Kyle's father, Morgan, has been murdered and a  disk he had made for Kyle has been stolen by Jerrik, the sinister leader of  cabal of Dark Jedi whom he is leading with the aid of a faction of Imperial  soldiers, to find a world upon which thousands of Jedi fought a battle  centuries earlier and their souls are now trapped there. It is Jerrk's plan  to tap that power for himself, a transformation that may spell doom for the  fledgling New Republic.The game starts with Kyle escaping from a  death trap on the moon of Nar Shadda, laid by the mercenary droid 8T-88  whom he must find in order to retrieve the lost disk. As Kyle you must  fight your way trough legions of blaster-toting and thermal detonator  throwing grans and quick, trigger happy rodians in order to achieve your  objectives. Running, ducking and a fine sense of balance are needed to make  your way through the first three Nar Shadda levels and once the disk has  been found, Kyle must escape Imperial reenforcements with the help of his  best friend, Jan Ors, (played by the stunning Angela Harrie). It is after  the escape that Kyle has his first vision, a visitation by the Jedi Knight  Qu Rahn (Benoit Gregory), who tells him of Jerrik's evil plan and  encourages Kyle to become a Jedi.From Nara Shadda its off to Kyle's  home planet of Sulon, an agroworld where he must find the old family robot,  WeeGee, who can play the encrypted disk. Kyle also receives Rahn's  lightsaber and before long his destiny is set. The way LucasArts handled  the application of Jedi powers is brilliant, as is their ease of use.  Players gain `stars' by finding secret areas, these stars are then applied  to an ever increasing selection of neutral Jedi abilities (Super speed,  Force Jump, Force Seeing and Force Pull). After these are mastered, the  player has the option to become either a Light or Dark Jedi with  corresponding powers. While the Dark Side powers are nice and flashy, they  are not nearly as useful as the Light Side abilties.Light Side  powers include: Force Blinding that you can use to dazzle opponents so they  miss you with their shots, Force Protection, a literal force field that  resists all damage, Force Persuasion that allows you sneak in unnoticed,  and Force Absorption which allows the player to absorb the Dark Side  energies wielded against you, and finally Force Heal, which heals damage.  Dark Side powers include: The Grip which lets you crush people, Force Throw  that allows you to hurl large objects at your foes, Deadly Sight, which  immolates your enemies and Force Destruction, which hurls a bolt of  powerful energy at your opponents.From Kyle's home on Sulon it's  off to the city of Baron's Hed where Kyle must now go in order to learn the  location of the Lost Valley of the Jedi. It is also here that he must  battle the first of the Dark Jedi, a young man named Yun who is all to  eager to please his dark master. From there Kyle makes his way onboard a  freighter bound for the planet with the Valley and where he must also  battle Gorc and Pic-dark twins of the Force. And again LucasArts must be  praised for sheer perfection with which the excuted lightsaber dueling in a  first person view game. Players can parry attacks while performing slick  and flashy maneuvers on their own.I won't reveal any more of what  happens through out the game to those people who may have not yet had a  chance to play this classic. I think one of the several reasons why this  game is so memorable are the live action cut scenes, (which were the first  Star Wars footage shot in almost fifteen years). Kyle is handsome and  dashing, Jan Ors is beautiful and witty, and the other characters like  Rahn, Jerrik and his henchmen Maw, Boc, the beautiful and deadly Sariss all  go a long way to immerse the player in the finest first person shooter I  have ever played. I still find enjoyment in this title, even though it is  four years old and starting to look dated, the game still holds my  attention. Of the Star Wars games released to date, this is by far the most  superior, engrossing and ultimately rewarding of the lot.prediction:4
reviewText:I had to write a follow-up review now that about 3 years has passed since my last one, and two sequels to this game have been published.  Despite playing the newer games, I dusted off and fired up my old copy of Jedi Knight/Mystery of the Sith (JK/MOtS) and had a blast.  The two are obviously dated, but don't suffer as much in comparison in terms of game play as the original "Dark Forces" (circa 1994) had in light of JK/MOtS.  Like DF, all the games in the Jedi Knight series are first person shooters.  JK/MOtS added the lightsaber and force powers with an enhanced game engine - besides better graphics and sound, it was now possible to combine moth horizontal and vertical head movements using the mouse (DF had separate buttons for vertical looking, which made the interface feel exceedingly clunky in comparison).  Also, basic movements were more natural - you never had that feeling prevalent in DF that you were a golf cart instead of a person.But above the improved engine, JK excelled because it was as much a SW experience as it was a game - with a tight story line, excellent level design and filmed FMV cut scenes.  (Most people hated the cut-scenes - poorly acted and not very effects laden - but I loved them; they added to the movie-like feeling and, anyway, "Attack of the Clones" had horrible acting and scenes that went on much longer) You never had that feeling of other shooter games where you suddenly stopped and wondered - OK, where am I, what am I looking for and why am I hitting all of these buttons.  The story returns pro-rebel mercenary Kyle Katarn to the fore.  Learning that his father was killed by an evil dark jedi named Jerec, Kyle sets off on a mission of revenge. Soon he learns more - that Jerec rules an entire faction of imperials intent on locating the lost "Valley of the Jedi" (also featured in "Jedi Outcast").  The burial place of countless jedi, the valley also holds a bottomless reservoir of their force power.  The plot has Kyle tracking a traitorous droid named 8T88 from Nar Shadaa to his father's home planet of Sulon (the droid decodes a map leading to the valley - the map is then destroyed).  Great level design makes each player map seem less a map than a place that must be navigated.  AI suffers in terms of the imperial troops - who prove bad enough before their blasters are force-grabbed away.  Balancing that out, the game is generous with boss modes - sending you up for 5 lightsaber duels with the dark jedi, including the climactic duel with Jerec.  Personally, I hated the saber duels - they always seemed to boil down to hopping and slashing with sabers.  (Jedi Outcast is most improved in that respect - there are much better looking duels, and more of them).  Your force powers are divided between generic powers (speed, jump, sight) and those specific to light (heal, persuasion) or dark (lightning) forces.  Your reliance on dark or light powers (and your ability to keep from killing various innocent by-standers) will determine whether you are a light or dark jedi.  (The consequent difference for one side or another is not that great - mostly it determines which of Jerec's evil jedi you will fight in one of the latter duels, and which cut scenes you'll watch).  Sound and graphics compare well with the newer games, and the overall plot makes you feel like you're in a Star Wars movie.This edition also comes with "Mysteries of the Sith" - a companion disk that uses a slightly altered game engine and was originally released separately, but otherwise required JK be installed.  In MotS, you play Katarn for the first several missions, then assume the role of Mara Jade, a former imperial agent brought to the light (her character was introduced in the novels of Timothy Zahn).  The tight plotting of the first game is gone - replaced by looser story arcs (as Kyle, you must save a rebel base from an imperial ground assault, then destroy an orbiting asteroid the imperials are using to stage their attack; as Mara, you will infiltrate the palace of Kapa the Hutt and then, in a switch, go to work for him; you will also track down and try to retrieve a jedi holocron and save a rebel corvette from marauding pirates; eventually you will follow Kyle back to a mysterious planet of the Sith where it's dark and swampy, the locals are hostile and hungry, and your weapons don't work).  If uneven, MotS has its share of thrills and challenges.  AI is noticeably improved (with stormtroopers ready to go fisticuffs when their blasters are force-grabbed) and gameplay is much more challenging on the whole.  Should you tire of the levels provided, an entire on-line community has crafted single and multi-player levels for both games.In short, both games are still great values and enjoyment isn't terribly undermined by your having played Jedi Outcast - though it's obviously not the mind-blowing experience of 1997 (still, it's aged better than the Spice Girls).  If you've got a P4 - it's just an excuse to turn the graphics up to excessive.  I first played this on my P200MMX computer with VoodooII graphics acceleration, and enjoyed every minute.  On my P4, I had no Windows XP problems, and was able to crank graphics to the full.prediction:4
reviewText:This game, is the best game, absolute best game, ever released on computer. It revolves around the original SW movies, set just after the destruction of the first Death Star at Yavin. You control everything,  characters, fighters, troopers, ships, it is superb. The gameplay takes a  little getting used to, but after a while it is easy. There is so much to  this game, you control things, send your fleets where you want them,  transport your characters and send them on missions, move rebel  headquarters, everything. You deploy mines and refineries to make  production materials, then build either ships, troops or facilties from  those materials, then use those ships to take over more planets. There's so  much I can't explain it all here, but it is brilliant, a must for all SW  fans.prediction:4
reviewText:Besides being the latest (and likely last?) of the X-wing games, "Alliance" is also the best - bringing the series back from the hole it sat in after "X-wing v. Tie Fighter" to the epic trail blazed by the original "Tie Fighter".  The real question though is whether its improvements make it worth getting to players who bought the older games.Unlike the older X-wing games, you don't start out as a fighter pilot or even with alliance (or Imperials for "Tie Fighter" owners).  Instead, you belomg to a family-run intergalactic shipping business, plying lawless tracts of space.  In a time of civil war, your family tries to stay neutral, even as it's split along pro-rebel and imperial-loyalist sides (guess which side you're on.)  Despite its seemingly civilian trappings, interstellar freight forwarding involves a lot of space combat - you're armed with turbo-lasers and ion-cannon, and equipped with deflectors.  Though you won't face imperials immediately, combat will come quickly - forcing you to fend off the Viraxo, your family's hostile rivals.  As the war progresses, the Viraxo leap to the Empire's side, forcing you to the rebellion, and trade your Corellian freighter for an X-wing fighter.  Until then, the game offers a series of missions that evolve from tutorial to modest test to more intense combat.  You'll likely already have the skills needed if you've played the older SW Fighter's games, but these also set up the back story.  (On an interesting note, sci-fi fans may note a resemblance between the Viraxo fighters and the Angel fighters from "Captain Scarlet".)  The game climaxes with the epic battle of Endor, in which you take on the 2nd Death Star from the inside (in a mission I like to refer to as "Operation watch-that-overpass!")  As in older games, you fly alongside and against AI pilots, though they're more chatty than before (including a motor-mouthed droid named M-Kay who makes C3PO sound positively mute) making the dialog sound more natural than it should.  (That is until you've replayed the mission a few times, and it all starts to get old.)"Alliance" is a mixed bag of hits and misses.  Ties to the original "X-Wing" of 1994 are painfully clear in terms of graphics and gameplay - this is still about flying canned missions in linear order in which you must complete by fulfilling a set of specific and not infrequently counter-intuitive goals (i.e., no matter how many Tie Fighters you swat down, ALL Lambda Shuttles MUST dock with the medical frigate; ALL Correlian cruisers must survive; you MUST inspect EVERY container; etc...).  Counterintuitive mission goals guarantee that you'll fly even moderately challenging missions more than once.Graphics and sound are up-to-date - the date unfortunately being 1999.  The big news is that you can now pad-lock those enemies or mission-critical craft - which is great not only for improving your situational awareness, but also because you can view the insides of your ship's flight-deck (this is a huge leap over previous games which essentially gave you 2-D renderings of the same flight panels we've seen since 1994).  While shading and lensing effects are also added, I usually get too focused on the enemy to really appreciate them.  I'm also not enough of an audiophile to comment on the sound, though the sound effects and John Williams score remain as expectedly faithful to the films as we've come to expect (though on my XP machine, the soundtrack tended to get hung if the mission lasted too long).  The mission areas seem larger, and you now seem to have even larger numbers of enemies to fight against (clouds of fighters instead of just swarms).  Also, you may now have to zoom into different areas (via hyperspace buoy) in a single mission - although I just find that increases the chances of running into bugs that make missions unwinnable.  Also, failure to achieve goals in one of the mission areas means that you'll have to re-fly the entire mission set again.The game's most revolutionary improvement isn't technical at all - relying on a story that (at first) makes you more than just another faceless rebel flyboy.  (Looks like somebody at "Totally Games" fired up a copy of the orginal "Tie Fighter", and was reminded why that game was so much more popular then "X-Wing".)  Instead your fight is for survival against greedy competitors, soon to become a personal vendetta against the empire.  Characters you meet between missions, including M-Kay and other vengeful relatives, advance the plot and keep it focused throughout successive missions.  Even when you join the alliance, you'll still be asked to handle some family business.  If anything, the story could have kept you out of the rebellion a bit longer, or at least made the transition a tad smoother - the story loses something once you become a rebel pilot, though manages to hold onto you anyway.  Other notable improvements - besides fighters, you can also fly armed freighters in the class of the Millenium Falcon or another class of ship that looks like a souped up version of the MF.  To add to the complexity, you can turn over the actual flying and man your gun turrets, or set turrets to defensive fire - while that reduces the laser fire you can devote on targets you attack while flying, it's another example of how the game challenges you by forcing you to allocate your limited in-flight resources.  Other new wrinkles - as a freighter you can pick up cargo, which makes for interesting missions retrieving contraband from a combat zone.  (In an early mission, you've got to snatch a container of warheads from a space station under attack by a Star Destroyer - the way the mission is structured, you can't retrieve until near the end of the mission, when the station is about to explode.)Most PC's should run this game without problems.  I played it on my P4, having few WinXP compatibility problems (sound among them).  The game also supports rudder pedals - for rolling maneuvers such as those used by scores of Tie Fighters.  In short, an X-Wing battle-sim that's guaranteed to please, though obviously pleasing most those who've never tried one before.prediction:4
reviewText:When this came out everyone went crazy because it was new and the games were on discs. Which is much eaiser and handier to keep clean and take places. Most people had a N64 before this and even at the same time, so they were used to the cartridges which were big and bulky and somewhat annoying. It has two memory card slots and two controller slots, and it can play compact dics so you can listen to music when your bored on your tv with your own cds. Most games on this console had good graphics back then so people thought it was amazing. They became highly addicting and very fun to play. This became the most popular system in the USA and almost everyone had one back then. Many games get scratched and broken as time goes on since they are old but try to keep them in their own cases they came in so they will play better and much longer with out the annoying freezing and skipping of the game. I am saying this because many games will not play or work anymore because of the lost case so they were just thrown around in the closet untill i finally put them in a computer case way back when....now i am more protective of the games because it is very dissapointing to find that your favorite game will not work anymore and you have to go through the trouble to buy them online because stores do not keep or sell them anymore. This is a very good console that i would purchace if you do not have a ps2 or just to have this original masterpiece to bring back memories!!!prediction:4
reviewText:I am yet to find an Electronic Arts game that does not provide me with hours of entertainment. However, with all the &quot;Theme Park&quot; simulation games on the web, I advise you to chose the Roller Coaster Tycoon Games.Why do I advise you to chose the Tycoon games?*The Roller Coaster Tycoon has better, more realistic, and more playable graphics. Of course if you are one who enjoys the cartoonist preception of the characters, this will be an okay feature. However, I recommend looking for screenshots of this game to see if you like the graphics.*Sim Theme Park clogs up your computer system much worse than Roller Coaster Tycoon, so unless you have a pretty fast system, be prepared for some freezing, where with Roller Coaster Tycoon you can pretty much play with out annoying slowness.*Sim Theme Park gets boring fast with its last of great rides, themes.Don't get me wrong I love simulation games. (They are my ultimate favorite) But I sincerely recommend the Roller Coaster Tyoon Games. They cost less, have better reviews, better graphics (in my opinion) and more rides and themes, and in addition, they don't freeze up your older computer as much as Sim Theme Park.As with most people reviewing this game, check out the Roller Coaster Tycoon games, I guarentee you cannot be disappoint with them.prediction:4
reviewText:I had bought Diablo 2 and the expansion for it before buying the origional Diablo.  I expected it to be even better because I usually think &quot;the origional is better.&quot;But it turned out the exact opposite.  I found myself stuck on the same level for a while.  This huge pig with a butcher knife killed me over and over again, and the people that live in the little town thing assign you the mission.  I finally killed it but the missions just get boring and you're just going through this big dungeon full of skeletons.  I know it may sound whimpy, but the game is too chalenging.  Maybe it is because I just played as the Rouge???But otherwise, I think it has a good Dungeons and Dragons feel to it, and that is a good thing to me.prediction:4
reviewText:I haven't played this game in several years and picked it up a couple of weeks ago.  The reason I picked up this game over everything else is that it is soooo cheap.  What other game offers so much for ten bucks??!?!?The best thing about Blizzard is Battle.Net, which is free after you purchase the game.  This adds so much value to this game and really makes it a lot of fun to play.  It doesn't take long to find some companions and go into the dungeons killin' uglies.  Sometimes you need to look out for the player killers, but there is always somebody there willing to help somebody out.Another good thing is that it doesn't require much knowledge to play.  Just play it for a few minutes and then it all makes sense.  It's ease of use of the features is a very strong plus.Finally, the replay value is enormous.  The dungeons are never the same and there are many quests you can go on to keep on challenging you.A great game.  It has an 'M' for its violence and gore, but this rating really surprises me as there is no blood and the graphics are not that detailed.prediction:4
reviewText:Diablo is now looked on as the classic RPG that brought great storyline and replayability to the world. It's still as fun as it was when it came out.It's hard to remember now, with so many dark games out, but Diablo was really one of the first that had truly evil forces to contend with.The graphics might be a little blocky compared to current day games, but it's still amazingly fun to play. The levels that are different each time you play, the various character classes, the assortment of armor and weapons you pick up, all add up to great fun both the first time and tenth time you go through.Plus with on line play, you can build up a character and head through quests with your friends from around your neighborhood or around the world.If you're a fan of Diablo 2, Dungeon Siege or other hack-and-slash RPGs, you really might want to pick up Diablo and see where they all came from. You should be able to find used copies of the game pretty easily, and even buying it new is at a discount price!prediction:4
reviewText:Really a great classic, it works fine but there are rainbow color issues that battle.net has a fix for, you have to play it as a tiny window in the middle of the screen but given the game play is pristine as it always was I can't complain, I just adore this game!prediction:4
reviewText:This game, I must say, is one of the most addictive, fun, frustrating, sleep-wasting, homework delaying, fun games ever.  While Blizzard, in the manual, gives their usual in depth backstory and pictures and all, the plot  of the game is very simple -- fight your way through Diablos minions and  then kill the big guy himself.During the course of all this, you can go  back up through the depths into town to reprovision, get some advice from  the townspeople, and go on quests for them, from which you get various  rewards.I literally do not think I've ever played a game as addictive as  this one.  The hours fly.  You go through a few levels, and it seems to be  fairly quick, and then you realize its 2 am.  The first few levels may seem  easy, especially if you're playing with a warrior, but once you get down to  the depths, believe me, it will be a challenge for anyone.The graphics,  almost five years later, are still very good, as are the spells, weapons  and enemies, and the animations of all of them.  The worst thing about this  game is that you will invariably want to carry more gear than can fit on  you, and it's a be-itch trying to figure out what excellent item to sell,  and what to keep, only to decide when it's too late you'd rather have done  it the other way around.I haven't played much multiplayer, but that's  excellent too.  I definitely recommend this game to anyone and everyone.  Kudos to Blizzard for a game well done.prediction:4
reviewText:Yes you do fight with monsters and yes you are a kid. But this game has a rich storyline with many character relationships. Different from pokemon you can fight yourself. Although the graphics are bit out dated they still look awsome and the anime videos are fantastic. The music works well with the game and the voices of the characters are well placed for those who dont want to read. Overall its a great game and well worth the money.prediction:4
reviewText:The game itself has a very neat idea.  The game is mainly for team play.  And if you're like me this is the kind of game you have been waiting for where you get together with a team and have large bases with turrets and  different types of weapons and armor that add to the action.There is two  really neat things about it.  One is the size of the maps.  It takes about  20 minutes to run from one end to the other, making it very enjoyable for  team play.  The other is not only can you play as a 1st Person view with a  gun but you also have access to ships, in which you can pilot(fly).  You  can have an ordinary fighter or you can pilot a dropship which yourself and  others can transport yourselves to the enemies base.The action in the  game is very fun indeed.  You have to penetrate the opponent's base and get  inside with out being killed by the team mates and the turrets.  Once  inside you take out weapon generaters and armor disposels.  If you succeed  in destroying all their main targets, your team wins.Very strategic and  definitly fun to play with friends on network LAN or the internet.  This is  definitly a must-buy if you're a 1st Person fan.prediction:4
reviewText:StarCraft does fall into the RTS genre; resource gathering, unit creation, base building, ect. But it isn't as demanding for a strategic genius as games like Age of Empires or Rise of Nations. Nonetheless, it's an explosive game that will keep you busy for a long time. In a way, StarCraft is a great change of pace for fans of more complex RTS games (like me). Playing Rise of Nations all the time can start to get overwhelming because of the constant mass and micro management needed. In StarCraft, you don't have to deal with a ton of diplomacy issues or anything like that. A typical game has things set up kind of like an RTS death match. All of the resources you need are sitting right next to your base. Collect them, build defenses, then build an army. You can choose from three different races. The Terran, a human army of colonists, Zerg, a race of bugs, mutants, and everything creepy and crawley, and the Protos, a super intelligent race with psionic powers. Each race (Terran, Zerg, Protos) have their one advantages and disadvantages. The Terran are well balanced and are best for beginners. They have good infantry and a variety of defenses. One good advantage is that important Terran Buildings (command centers, barracks, ect.) can lift off the ground and fly to a new area for a quick escape. The Zerg rely on the masses. Their units are not as powerful but they are also less expensive and some are created in groups. One of their disadvantages is that they cannot build (mutate) on normal ground; only on a thick slime that covers the ground near their buildings. The Protos have very powerful units, but they are more expensive and take longer to build. A huge advantage for the Protos is that they don't have to sit at a construction site and waste time building it up. All you have to do is get one of your little probes to warp the building in. The second the probe reaches the building site, they actavate a portal and the building basically starts to build itself, allowing the probe to tend to other matters. As a side effect, they can't repair damaged buildings. The sounds are nothing to make a whole extra section about (zap, boom, kerpow, "gimme somethin' to shoot.") but they're what you would expect from a game like this. The music also fits the mood perfectly. The graphics are about the same as Age of Empires II with a slightly more animated look making everything look and run smooth. It's hard to tell how good the AI is because of the simple tactics they use; launch waves of troops at your enemies and destroy them all. The AI also loves to rush. Expect to be attacked about five minutes into the game. Along those lines, the computer does very well. The environments are very interesting and original, covered with black dirt, craters, strange animals and purple trees. StarCraft also has a great (and free) online multiplayer with an endless number of people to play with.prediction:4
reviewText:Single player is very fun and most recommended for the very beginners.  But, completing the single player is completely unnecessary, for it doesn't begin to prepare you for the EXTRAORDINARY online gaming experience.  Although playing online is free, I would GLADLY pay the price of this game as a monthly fee if need be!  A little about the game.. you start off with a single building for your base.  As the game progresses you build yourself a bigger base and, depending on the game type(which there are plenty of), you make forces to attack and defend.  Too much fun to be able to explain why!Graphics: (4/5) - Would be 8/5 when this first came out!Gameplay: (5/5) - Very smoothe, even with 56k(online).Online play: (5/5) - The best of the best!Overall: (5/5) - Get this game if it's the only game you'll ever own!  I've replaced my CD 3 times now in 4 years because of extensive gameplay!  The price is righter than right I would have payed 3x the price!prediction:4
reviewText:Starcraft: Brood War is twice as better than the origonal! Zerg Lurkers can tear up anything, while Devoureres devistate the air! The new dark Archon, that comes from the Dark Templar is sweet, and I love taking over the oppenents units. The Corsiar is fast and terrifying. The medic become prime targets, because they stop their units from dying, and the units keep killing mine. The graphics are sweet. The sound is awsome. The unit pathfinding isn't that good, like most games, but it's better than what it was. All in all, bargian at any price, and it deserves 10 stars. Buy it!prediction:4
reviewText:I heard that this game had garnered a good reputation, but until now it had never piqued my interest. There are so many games in the real-time strategy genre - you have classics like Age of Empires 2 and Command &amp;  Conquer, or total stinkers like Tiberian Sun.It's important to remember  that Starcraft was created at least two years before Age of Empires 2. It's  obvious that AOE2 borrowed some good ideas from Starcraft. The main one  being those of unit limits. In Starcraft you have a 200 unit limit, so it's  still possible to build a huge army. But you also have to balance that  against the number of units you use to gather resources.Another unique  feature of Starcraft is the totally different sides. It absolutely amazes  me that a single game can have such diverse armies and yet still manage to  be so well balanced. There isn't a single unit in the game that can't be  neutralised by another unit - which is no mean feat, considering how  powerful they are.The most interesting aspect to these units are their  special abilities. Certain units in each race have special attacks they can  use to neutralise or destroy an opponent. For instance, the Terran Ghost  soldier can fire an EMP blast that can knock out mechanical units. Zerg  queens can fire parasites, which attach themselves to enemies, allowing you  to see whatever that unit sees. The Protoss have the Templar, a unit that  uses a chain lightning `psionic storm' to eliminate whole squadrons of  units.There are certain features which I wish had been implemented. It's  not possible to control the behaviour of your units (ie. setting them to  guard or defensive mode, etc...). This makes it entirely possible for your  entire massed army to chase after a single unit, when really you want them  to stay in one place. Fortunately, a `hold' command is provided, but I  still would've preferred to give my units more advanced commands.The  other annoying aspect is map size. It's blindingly obvious that the maps  are too small when compared to the size of the units. Try leading a group  through a narrow canyon - because there is so little room individual units  will often take a different path to get to a destination.Starcraft's  other strength is in it's storyline. I have never seen such powerfully  realized characters like this in a computer game. In truth, there are no  real good guys or bad guys in this game. Everybody has their own  motivations for their actions. The sequential compaign design only  strengthens this aspect. It's unfortunate that Tiberian Sun's Michael Biehn  and James Earl Jones didn't have a script like this to play with.In  conclusion, Starcraft is everything that Command &amp; Conquer: Tiberian  Sun wasn't. It has the best designed units of any strategy game. It has a  strong storyline which is beautifully realised in the single-player  missions. And the addition of StarEdit means you can create your own  missions once you tire of the Blizzard approved ones. No wonder why this  game has stood the test of time. However, the omission of advanced unit  controls mean I have to deduct one star.prediction:4
reviewText:I had this game back in 1998. I played it so much that my dad broke the CD along with Warcraft 2 telling me that I can't play any games from now on. So I recently bought Starcraft Battle Chest Secretly (my dad doesn't know that I have this game) again. This game is so good because the system requirements are so low that I can turn off the game without turning off the whole computer. My dad leaves on the PC the whole time so I have to leave it on all the time. If I turn off the whole computer, he might suspect that I have been playing a computer game. I always play when he goes to some place until I hear a keychain or a footstep. I probably disconnect off the game more than any other players on the planet. This is not about the game but I just wanted to share it with you (every game that I own, my dad doesn't know that I have). Now, I'm going to talk about the game. The requirements are no problem unless you haven't bought a new computer since 1998. The gameplay is great and the graphics and sounds are good. The best part of all is the Battle.net. You can play 7 vs 1 comp stomp when you are in a hurry and play 4 vs 4 experts only when you have nothing to do. It is very addictive to play with others online and it it keep you entertained for hours everyday. If you want wins, play lots of comp stomp but it will not raise your skill as much as in expert games. I assure you that this game will keep you entertained. This is one my favorite RTS of all time and I highly recommend this game just as much as I recommen Warcraft 2 and 3.prediction:4
reviewText:When Starcraft came out there was no game like it, and still today there is no game like it. It is a lot of fun. I just wish they would do an HD remake of the 2D graphics. As the title states, this is my favorite game of all time.Why?1) Story is amazing. The campaign is challenging and fun. Also dark and rewarding.2) Units in all races are different and fun. Each race has cool strategies that are different than the others.3) Great online for the time. It's old now, but back when it came out it was awesome.4) Endless fun from online maps.Buy.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought the games seperate, but it was worth it. I love StarCraft. I love all the talking and the intros-meetings at the beginning of each mission. My other fave part is blowing up the bases. I love the walking around killing people thing, while my father likes the base building thing. I'm 13, and violence makes this game better. My father and I are strategy game addicts. We have them all: Both StarCrafts, Both Dark Reigns, A Bridge Too Far, Age Of Empires, Ceasar 3, Tiberian Sun (Command and Conquer) and probably more then that. I love these game, my fave side is the humans. My fave character was what's her name the lady who turns into a alien and takes over the Zerg.... Well buy this, cuz you get a guide too.prediction:4
reviewText:I was never big into RTS games, my friend let me borrow C&C, I thought it was interesting but it didn't really sell me. I bought this out of all the hype and after enjoying C&C, it blew my mine, this game is old in my book,but the textures and graphics still hold up. The box is a bit overkill, I just want the disc and the code I could care less about the strategy guide and free WoW passes.prediction:4
reviewText:StarCraft to Koreans, is Baseball to Americans. They have 4 television show dedicated to it. They showere their SC champions with moneys and fame. Those that deserve a shout are (slayers)boxer. Red nada. I luv_, etc, etc. Those who only remember the game from six years ago, when it was the fabulous fad, Are surprised to hear about its popularity today. It's Ginormous reputation and following laced over the world. People are bred for this game. People work at their game for years, eight hours a day. It's nothing like I've ever seen. I've never heard of a game so perfectly aged with time. It's followings build every year. Every year it's the dominant pick of the WCG. And every year it's the big news of the event. Blizzard is terrified to make another. They are terrified at the expectations of a sequel. It's engine cannot be changed, Cannot be supplemented, it is called as the perfect user interface. The speeds that the average pro gamer attain is fluid throughout and at unreal speeds: 400apm. A tribute and truth to the impossibly reliable compatibility with computers. It's as if the desktop computer was made for SC. Beware. -jeffprediction:4
reviewText:Blizzard is one of those companies which toil away quietly only to release masterpiece after masterpiece. Real time strategy wasn't invented by Blizzard, instead they looked at what others had done and made  improvements, the end result was Warcraft, which was followed by the hugely  successful Starcraft in 1997, then the follow-up Brood War in 1998. They  have been assembled here in something called a Battlechest, which is  actually just a bigger box, but Battlechest sounds better. They also  include the strategy guides for both games, making it an excellent value  for the money given how routinely over priced strategy guides are.Starcraft gives the player command of 3 races: The Terrans, who are allied  in a sort of Confederacy and boils down to red necks in space; the Zerg, a  race of xenomorphs created by an ancient race known as the Xel-Naga. The  Zerg are the ultimate predator and hyper-evolutionary beings; finally we  have the Protoss, a race of psionic and technological masters, but were  also created by the Xel-Naga. Each race has 10 missions that the player  must complete, enabling them to `win' as each race while a larger story  unfolds.The Zerg are spreading across the galaxy trying to find the  next stage of their evolution, in this case it's the humans whom they plan  to absorb in order to gain psionics. The Protoss, aware of the Zerg  Overmind and his plans to infest the human colonies, dispatch one of the  greatest warrior templars-Tassadar, to deal with the threat. But when he  discovers that the humans have potential, he refuses to incinerate the  infested planets. The Terrans meanwhile are in the midst of the revolution  as Governor Mensk intends on becoming Emperor Mensk by leading a renegade  faction of humans known as the Sons Of Korhol. The game also introduces a  host of unforgettable characters like Tassadar, Fenix, James Raynor, and  Sarah Kerrigan.While graphics may begin to appear a little dated,  they are well detailed and colorful even though the game does not have any  3D support. What this also means is that they game will run on slower  machines like Pentium 90s. It has both Internet and Network support, and  both Starcraft and Broodwar include a native campaign editor that enables  creative players to design their own missions to share with friends. Both  the sound and the music are first rate, with one of the more enjoyable  aspects of the game being the different one-liners delivered by the  different characters and vehicles whenever you click on them multiple  times. Especially good are the standard Terran Marine, the Science Vessel,  and the Dropship.Game play, however, is second to none in the RTS  arena. All three of the races are exceptionally well balanced between each  other, though the humans are by far the most versatile and solid. The Zerg  regenerate damage and can be `built' quickly, but aren't as tough as the  humans so they make up for it in greater numbers. The Protoss are the  toughest of the three races, but their units also take the longest to build  and cannot be repaired if damaged. And one of the more fun aspects of  Broodwar is using Prostoss Dark Templars to mind control enemy units, such  as the Terran SCV or Zerg Gatherer, with it you can then build and control  all of the Terran or Zerg units as well.Starcraft delivers it all:  Terrific story, unsurpassed game play, great and often funny CG full motion  video, and replayability. No two missions are alike, and range from  capture, search and destroy, to all out warfare that will take hours to  complete. End missions are inhumanly tough, forcing the player to really  think about what units he should build and how he should use them. The game  rewards success with more missions, especially considering that between the  two, there are well over one hundred multi-player maps contained on the  disks as well. However, as with all internet multi-player games, beware of  dirty filthy stinking rotten cheaters.Straight up, this is the best  game within its class, outmatching even Command &amp; Conquer who really  created the genre in the first place. Starcraft's sense of humor, epic  story and scale, coupled with Blizzard's uncompromising production values  make for a truly memorable game, one that delivers hours of play in a well  thought out universe. This game is pure fun!prediction:4
reviewText:I have played hundreds of video games in my life, and I have to admit, they don't come much better than this game right here.  In just about every way, this game gets 5 stars.  Graphics, gameplay, story, multiplayer, special features, etc...Here's what I thought of Star Craft/Star Craft Brood War, part of the BattleChest collection for the PC.1) Gameplay: Perhaps the best I have EVER played.  In this world of the future, humans (Terran) have changed, and become one large army: the Confederacy.  They are able to explore space, have an incredible array of weapons, and have explored much of the universe.  But on these trips to different planets and such, they discover they are not alone in this universe.  2 other dominant races exist out in space, and both of them threaten the Terran world as we know it.  It's time for war, and thats where the game begins.The story has 30 missions in all, and lets you control each race (3: Zerg, Terran, and Protoss) for 8-12 mission per race.  Each race has strengths, weaknesses, etc...  And dozens of things to build.  But first, before u can build anything, u have to mine minerals and gas.  To do this, u must build Probes/SCV's/Drones.  At the beginning of missions, u will get a Nexus(Command Center/Hatchery) (basicly what holds your minerals and gas and makes new gatherers).  With the Nexus(Command Center/Hatchery), u make Probes (SCV's/Drones) to gather minerals and gas.  Once u have enough minerals and gas, u can build more complex structures.  Soldiers, Air Units, Anti-Aircraft guns, etc...  As the game goes on, u r faced with how to use your minerals/gas, etc...  With your soldiers and air units, u carry out missions.  For example, destroying a base, or defending a leader, surviving for 30 minutes, etc....  The thing about Star Craft is, you need to out think your opponant.  If the person has anti-aircraft guns and more soldiers than you, you need to get them into a Drop Ship, and perhaps go to the side of their base, drop them off, and proceed.  There are so many ways of doing things, and so many things to build, the game really is EXTREMELY fun, and you can find new ways to do things every time.  The more you play, the more you will enjoy it.  It truly is a never-ending game.  And once you beat the game, it's time to take your talent online.  Get to that later...2) Graphics: EXCELLENT!  I have never seen such excellent graphics for this type of game.  Everything fits perfectly.  There is blood after a soldier is killed, explosions are very dramatic, u can see the sparks as minerals are mined up by cutting SCV's.  When hurt, Zerg buildings bleed, etc (don't get the idea this is gory, its really not, just little red sparks on the screen when something is injured or killed)...  Everything casts a shadow, things can turn invisible, etc...  It's excellent!  The world's you play in our top notch as well.  Shadows, mountains, trees, animals wandering around, etc....  It truly works well for this type of game.  Graphics are top notch here (especially for when it was made).3) Multiplayer: The main reason this game stands out.  It is absolutely incredible!  You can play against the computer, system link, and of course, go ONLINE.  When you play online, your record is kept, so you can try to earn some respect out there!  There are clans, literally THOUSANDS of StarCraft players waiting to play 24-7.  And it really is neat to see some of the strategies people have made, the beauty and creativity of a well constructed base, etc...  You can play with your friends as "allies", Melee, Capture the Flag, etc...  The possibilities are endless!  Some people master either the Protoss, Zerg, or Terran, while others use a different race every time.  Each one has strengths and weaknesses, and things you might be able to do better with them then you could with other races.  It really is great, and for the price, I don't think you can find better online entertainment, as Battle-Net is FREE, and the SC BattleChest is just 20 bucks.4) Lasting Appeal: Proof that this game IS incredible, and one of the top 10 games of all time?  It literally was made 5 years ago, and still has 30,000+ people playing online at any given moment.  It is still a Best-Seller, and is just a classic in the world of RTS (Real Time Strategy), and just Video Games period.  I bought this game 4 months ago, and literally play it for hours every day.Overall, this is a great game.  Online, the INCREDIBLE story (very creative and well put together), the races, the graphics, the price($$$), etc...  If you have a PC and are low on $$$, and are looking for not a good, but a GREAT game that will last you for many years (for all ages 9+), StarCraft is for you!*Note though, if going online, I'd recommend having a Cable or DSL modem.  56K is good, but High Speed internet is just so much better in my opinion!  ...prediction:4
reviewText:This is a retro game - no way around it.However, I actually enjoy retro games.  I actually just got done playing Another World and Fallout 1 & 2 on my laptop.Having been playing alot of Desktop Tower Defense games lately, I thought I would upgrade to a true RTS game.  Starcraft kept coming up high on everyone's favorite list, so I thought I'd give it a try.The Good:- This really is a fun game.  I'm only on level 9 (out of 30) on the original, but it's fun.  Level 8 took me about 4 hrs to finally beat.  But some of this is because there's no instructions in the game (see The Bad).  After reading the strategy guide for the level I finally figured out what I needed to do.  However, I had fun playing the whole time without getting discouraged.- The graphics aren't all that bad.  I was expecting much worse.  Though they're not bad, they're not great either.  About the same as Fallout 1.  I am surprised they haven't been improved by a patch.- No Easy/Medium/Hard setting.  I actually prefer to NOT have an Easy/Medium/Hard setting.  On some games my first instinct is to pick Medium, but then I will often get stuck or find it's too easy.  And then I wish I had picked something different.  This game, you have to really be strategic.  Some levels may be too easy and some may be pretty darn hard.  If they're hard simply refer to the guide.  Which brings up another point.  you don't have to keep playing a level until you demolish the CPU.  You just need to win.  I tried out Middle Earth RTS and your people carry over.  I got a few levels in and couldn't beat the level.  After hitting a forum, I found out it's impossible to win if you didn't max out your army from the previous levels.The Bad:-  Video.  I run this on my laptop and the screen turns black and the game starts in the upper left part of the window consuming only about 25% of my widescreen laptop.  The rest of the screen is black.  It's pefectly playable, but awefully small.  However, I noticed that when I put my laptop in my docking station connected to an external monitor it goes full-screen.  Of course full-screen on a 24" widescreen monitor is not good for this game either.  No amount of tweaking to the shortcut seemed to help.  The only option is to change the desktop resolution to 800x600 before starting the game which is a major pain.  Some Googling and it seems most everyone with a widescreen laptop experiences this.  They all refer to a freeware download that let's you run Starcraft in a window.  This actually works VERY nice, and was surprised at how much I liked it compared to the smaller screen in the upper left.  However, there's comments from some users that after using the program, some people have been banned from Battle.Net since it saw they were using a 3rd party program with Starcraft.  I'm not interested in playing SC on Battle.net so that's not a huge deal for me.  But really, if you're going to actively sell a game at the game shops, you would think this would be fixed by Blizzard.  It's one thing if I found this at a used/discount store, but I didn't.  Also, I'm surprised Blizzard hasn't released a patch to smooth out the graphics a bit.  It's not horrible, but it's hard to imagine that it would be too hard to fix it up a little better with a patch.  Many other games have patches that improve the graphics.  Doom, Quake to name a couple.- No instructions.  Really.  No instructions.  The strategy guide helps, and the first levels help give you a feel for the game, but really?  No instructions?  This is part of what hurt me on level 8.  I wanted to beat it without having to read the strategy guide.  In the end, the guide told me what units I should have before I attack, and some of them I had never used, let alone knew HOW to use.End rating:  4 stars.  I'm having fun, and that's what counts for a retro game.  Minus 1 star since I have to use 3rd party freeware to get it to run in a window or proportioned correctly on my laptop.prediction:4
reviewText:This is definelty the best game in the FPS genre.  It has brought so much to the table.  The mindless blastfests ala quake and doom were fun, but this...wow!  There was shooting and an actually story!An accidental portal to the alien planet Xen opening.  Trying to survive the aliens was hard enough.  Then the military is sent to help.  And by help i mean cleanse the aliens as well as the scientists.  So you are up against aliens, marines, *and* the black ops for a few levels.  The gameplay is fun, the puzzles range from easy to difficult (the blackops levels, and the part with the lasers and the missle...that took me forever).  And i love throwing snarks at marines.The single player game itself was a lot of fun.  But even more came afterwords.  All the mods that people have made.  My favorite was the &quot;they hunger&quot; trillogy.  Night of the Living Dead meets Half life?  Pure genious!  TFC and all the other online games are awesome (i haven't personal;ly played them much, not much of an online gamer).  But I know that they would be lots of fun.  Opposing force was awesome (although the horrendously horrible Blue Shi(f)t is a waste of cash).  You owe it to yourself to buy and play this revolutionary FPS game.  I am happily awaiting its sequal!prediction:4
reviewText:Ever wanted to be a scientist, but never had the aptitude for it? Ever wanted to join the Army or the Marines, but couldn't because you were flat-footed? Well, you can rejoice now, because Half-Life will solve both those problems with one blow. You start off as an intelligent scientist named Gordon Freeman. You work at a place called Black Mesa, which is like Area 51. After an informative train-ride, you get off, have some chit-chat with the guards and get your suit. I was very impressed with how professional the level looked. Security guards, retina scanners, the works. This ain't your local bank. After getting your suit, you go to a room where an experiment is about to take place. You're a crucial part of it. But wait, the scientists are sounding as if something might go wrong. And then you push the specimen into the beam and . . . and shortly after that you'll be experiencing one of the finest moments in video game history. Remember that nice-looking level I was telling you about? Now visualize it with HEAVY damage, dead or dying scientists and guards and aliens popping out of thin air. AND YOU HAVE NO WEAPON! This is no Quake cake-walk with John Wayne heroics. You'll be CRAWLING in FEAR for most of the game.  I think one of the main things that made this game popular was this: It touched on the common fear of going into the unknown and feeling ill-prepared for what lies ahead. Sure, you might have 200 rounds on the MP5, a rocket launcher, and whatever else, but believe me, it won't last long (especially on hard mode).  Another thing that this game touched on was this: The fear of small spidery-creatures and large, ugly, T-Rex things that can run faster than you. Believe me when I say you'll jump when you stick your head in a tunnel and a snark or headcrab jumps out at you. After a while you manage to arm yourself and try and make it to the surface . . . only to find that Marines are attacking Black Mesa in an effort to cover up the severe accident! So now we have this ugly Bermuda Triangle of Marines, Aliens, and You. The Aliens are just plain bad.  You're just trying to get your innocent rear-end out of there. And the Marines are just following orders. Makes for one whopper of a story and a game.  But not all is run-and-gun. MANY times you'll be jumping like Mario, making well-timed decisions, and solving puzzles. But besides all that, there are three other things about this game that I like: 1)A flashlight. It's ABOUT TIME someone did something to light those dark levels. 2)Humor. Guards goof around with experimental technology--with disastrous results. 3)Well-lighted levels overall. The only FPS I've seen with more light is Serious Sam. Very rarely will you be squinting your eyes in this game.  To wrap things up, my favorite levels are the beginning one and the one entitled Surface Tension. Despite some wonderful level design in this game, I really hated the alien levels. Sure, they LOOKED nice, but when you start playing them it's a different story. Also, the two endings are too short and unsatisfactory. But overall this is a GREAT game, worth getting even now (especially if you haven't played it before), despite the fact that Return to Castle Wolfenstein (and other FPS's) are around the corner.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is the best on the PC. Its also the best first person shooter out there so far. The action is awesome and explosive.Gameplay 9/10 Great gameplay. It really requires tactics then just running in front a squad of troops and firing your MP5 like a maniac. There are not a great variety of guns, though, but really great. The multiplayer also rocks (including Counter strike). The AI are probably the smartest of all videogames. They duck, strafe, group up like real soldiers. If they see you at a distance, they'll throw a grenade. The aliens are really cool.Graphics 7/10 fine, but not the best. The environments are well done.Storyline 10/10 The storyline is really great. Especially how the story fits with the gameplay.This is the story: You are a scientist named Gordan Freeman, and you made a accident at the Black Mesa Reasearch center, causing all these alien hordes to enter the facility. The goverment sent forces to kill everything at the facility.You must try to save your own skin.Sound 10/10 Great sound effects, especially the guns, as realistic as possible.Difficulty 10/10 this game will probably take up 30 hours or more to beat, it is incredebly hard, cause the AI is too smart.Overall 9.5/10 great game, must buy for fps fans.prediction:4
reviewText:When Half-Life first came out in 1999 I was about 11 years old, and I really wasn't into video games. But come late 2004, Half-Life 2 came out, and when I read the PC Gamer review(98%) and saw some screenshots, I went to GameStop to get it. The guy at the counter asked me if I had played Half-Life. I told him no. He then said, since I was under 17 he had no obligation to sell me the M rated game Half-Life 2, until I had bought, played and beaten Half-Life. So I bought Half-Life, went home, loaded it, and started playing. Imediatly I was suprised at how good the graphics were, especially for a game from 1999. The graphics in Half-Life could easily compete with many of the games in the 2000's. Also, the sound extremely good, hearing the slightest of noises. The story is pretty basic, but good enough to keep you interested in that area. You are Gordon Freeman, researcher at Black Mesa Labs. Your expirement has gone very wrong, releasing a bunch of aliens into the labs. The government has sent soldiers in to "clean things up" and you are faced with fighting for your life against aliens and human soldiers. The gameplay is awesome, and the weapons are very good. Online play is fabulous, especially if you have Counter-Strike. So, despite Call of Duty, Doom 3, the Battlefield series, WarCraft 3, Neverwinter Nights, or any other game that is mind-blowing, Half-Life is the best game I have ever played, and in my opinion, the best game ever.prediction:4
reviewText:Yes, Doom was the beginning of the FPS genre as we know it. But Half-Life marked the beginning of an evolutionary leap for the genre. Quite simply put, Half-Life is, and will remain, one of the greatest games ever. I really can't put the gameplay experience into words, but I remember when I first played this game almost ten years ago, I was absolutely absorbed. Seriously. Absorbed. At the time, the mods were sharp, fun, and novel. Counter-strike. Firearms. Team Fortress Classic.Man, those were fun days.If you haven't played this game, you need to experience it and understand what it has done to the world of first-person shooters. The enemies. The weapons. The music. The levels. The creativity. It's a cinematic experience in itself, and you're the star.prediction:4
reviewText:The Half-Life games are the thinking-person's FPSs and the series is this reviewer's favourite game franchise. The original game does look a bit dated by the standards of 2011 but bearing in mind that it was first released in 1998 it still looks pretty good, and in it's day it was truly ground-breaking. It also used a physics engine that was the best of its time and an AI that performed far better than any other. Almost everything you could want is here: a good variety of environments, some satisfying puzzles, and some challenging combat. It also has, within the obvious limits of a shooter, a solid and engaging story. All of this makes for a game that keeps you entertained from start to finish and never outstays its welcome. Great stuff -- and it gets much much better with Half-Life 2!prediction:4
reviewText:Me and my dad play this game together but I never got into playing 1 player by myself. I downloaded Team Fortress Classic, and this game is instantly transformed in to THE GR8TEST GAME OF ALL. TFC is the best  multiplayer MOD ever! You get to duke it out while being a medic, soldier,  sniper, Heavy Weapons guy, Demolition man, and a SPY!  I have never  seen another game so addictive and innovative. I would buy this game just  for Mutltiplayer!  You should buy this game, this game makes you  proud to own. The story so cool, the fragging so great! All the reviews are  true this is the GAME OF THE YEAR but I think this is the GAME OF THE  CENTURY.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is brilliant. It's my first game in the Knight series and I was completely immersed in the game right from the very beginning.The plot comprises of a supernatural mystery. The story is great and the characters are amiable. Each character is well drawn as a subplot that contributes well to the main plot. The identity of Mr. Baza is quite a surprise by the end. The subplot between Gabriel and Grace is open ended. Mystery freaks wouldn't mind replaying the game over and over again along with those who would like to get the total score of 965.Game play is easy. You are caught in time blocks and to complete each time block you have to perform certain series of required actions. This is what I liked best about the game because you get the feeling that you are moving in the right direction and hence you needn't worry about replaying any part of the game.At times I got stuck solving the mystery and had to take a look at hint sites and found out that nothing is impossible in any mystery game if you really have the time and patience to look into every nook and corner.The ending was great. Oh I simply loved the puzzles once Gabriel enters the cave. They were fun. I do have one complaint with this game - I wish it didn't have to end at all.5 STARS.prediction:4
reviewText:I enjoy the Gabriel Knight series and still play the other two games, even if they're a little outdated.  The storyline is excellent, and you really get to know the characters.  Unfortunately, that's not the case in the third installment of the series.  Some of the characters are as  &quot;wooden&quot; as Queen Amalia from the &quot;Stars Wars: The Phantom  Menace&quot; movie.  You hardly get to know them at all.  Plus, the  storyline is a bit weaker than the other GK series.  I spent a lot of time  scratching my head trying to make sense of what happened a minute ago.  When I finished the game, I was STILL stratching my head, but this time  because of the ending!  In addition to that, the graphics are totally  unlike that which you would see in a game like this.  I also like the  King's Quest series, but since they &quot;polygonified&quot; the eight one,  my interest has been waning.  &quot;Sierra games,&quot; as I call any game  where you walk around and have multiple icons that you click on different  things to get responses (text or oral), SHOULD NOT have graphics like this.  I would recommend this game to fans of the series (obviously), but for  everyone else, wait for the price to drop before you make the purchase, and  while you're waiting, play the first two GKs.  I highly recommend those!prediction:4
reviewText:Throughout the years, I have played all the Quest for Glory games and really enjoyed them.  This latest one, Dragon Fire, is just as good if not better than the earlier releases.  According to today's technology, the graphics are a little cartoony, but it is still a wonderful adventure game.  So many times you get games with excellent graphics, but rotten storylines.  This isn't the case here.  You get to customize your character and the neat thing is, your actions determine what happens to you.  You can play the game over several times and not experience the same things.  It is also neat that characters from past games appear throughout your journey, but it doesn't affect your gaming experience if you've never played the Quest series.  I think these days you can find Dragon Fire in bargain bins, and of course here on Amazon, and it is well-worth spending a few dollars on.prediction:4
reviewText:Quest For Glory 5: Dragon Fire is not merely the end of a great series, but the end of an era for the entertainment compant Yosemite Entertainment. As a great fan of the series, &quot;Hero&quot; has journeyed from the town of Spielburg to the fog-ridden lands of Mordavia, Raseir, Fricana (not in this order) - and finally the village of Silmaria.In a game of this ilk, graphics plays second fiddle to storyline and gameplay, and it is in these two areas that Qfg5 excels. Transported to the island of Marete and its capital, Silmaria(modeled after ancient Greece), &quot;Hero's&quot; last adventure is fraught with peril and mystery. The music is professional orchestral, with sweeping tones unlike any other game I have encountered.Now to the plot. Decades ago, the peaceful island of Marete was plagued by a dragon. Seven pillars were constructed with ancient spells, forcing the dragon into its lair. Lately, however, following the brutal assasination of the King of Silmaria, invaders from distant lands rampage across the country, pillaging mercilessly. Compounding the trouble is the prophecy that the blood of a murdered being will destroy the pillars, freeing the dragon from its enchantment...An enthralling plot, filled with characteristic offbeat Lorey and Corey Cole humor, fantastic music and solid gameplay cement Qfg5's position as a good final instalment to the series and possibly the greatest of the Quest for Glory epics, sure to please fans of the series and provide a closure in &quot;hero's&quot; final adventure.prediction:4
reviewText:Good descent ww1 sim, but we must remember this sim is old, so the graphics are not going to be the best in the world. It's sort of a classic. The planes probably handled the same as they did during that particular time.prediction:4
reviewText:A police officer I knew got me into this game.  I didn't think much of it because it was essentially the same game design as the venerable DUNE and War Craft games.  One Age of Empires, as originally designed, was never meant to be the huge slug fest that it ultimately turned into.  The icons on the map were meant to be just that; icons representing single armies.  But the players demanded more, and a patch was released allowing multiple units to be manifested on the map.  Result, that icon that was supposed to represent an army suddenly became a single unit in the army.So, instead of a game where you see elements of civilization compete and clash, as was the intent, new users essentially got another massive army combat game.  Not a big deal.  It was fun all the same.  I was befriended by some guys on the old MS Gaming Zone, and we'd have a blast after work or school, going late at it late at night.  And then on the weekends we'd have marathon games in the morning.Great fun, lots of fond memories.  I'll never forget my Age of Empire days.I think the game's well past its peak, but even as a solo effort it's slightly amusing.Enjoy.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is medicore. At first it seems good, but after a while, you get more and more things happening to you. Certian comp. allies always turn on you. The graphics are okay. the sound is something that you will turn off and listen to a CD instead. The controls are ok, and all together everything is fine, it just doesnt mix at all. You will soon leave it on you stack of computer games and will play more dencent games like Starcraft. i havnt played it in at least a month, and you shouldnt waste your hard earned cash for it. the history is great and makes sense, but after a space you get sick of all the same units; 14 civilazations all only 1 tech tree. They just make certian Civs. not able to get some units. Its sad. Now if youll excuse me, i have a good game to play called Total Annihilation. . .prediction:4
reviewText:Real fun game with 3D movement and strategy. Soundtrack by YES and very good visuals for a game this old. I bought a new copy of Homeworld 2 the old one was scratched loaded it and no luck.Nothing worked, compatibility, as admin, nothing, and little online about a fix. So I thought what the heck see if H1 will play. Sure did. Loaded fast with my i7 2600 and plays real smooth. I set the graphics so high it slowed me down trying to read the fine print on selected units and mouse over ID's. H2 played on my Vista but H1 was buggy but did play. Opposite now and H1 plays like a dream. Still looks good for it's age and still a a lot of fun. Still looks good period. Save a good 20-30 bucks and buy a sure fire winner like this.Had 3 copies throughout the years. Going to baby this one for sure. Thanks windows for killing another favorite game of mine (H2). I did notice the original HALO sure does boot up fine on all Win releases. Stoopid monkey.prediction:4
reviewText:Homeworld's best features-graphics engine, scripting, control mechanics, narrative flow, and mission structure, are so fluid, so highly immersive, that it makes the experience far more than the sum of its parts. The  combination of large scale fleet actions and cinematic perspectives creates  the most impressive space combat ever made for a strategy game. Its like  being in the middle of, and in cotrol of, a Star Wars battle. 16 single  player missions can make for some short gaming time but most people go  through the campaign at least twice-its that good. In single player, you'll  encounter 2 races, aside from the  main one that your trying to  decimate.There are 26 units to choose from on each side, with 3 main  classes of ships-from the paltry fire of the scout, to the amazing might of  the heavy cruiser. The excellent use of 3D makes for some interesting  strategies, putting much imphasis on the element of surprise...To sum it  up, buy Homeworld for its engrossing real-time-strategy matched to a vital  and visually intense story, making this a gaming experience like none  other.P.S. You may want to check the Relic and Sierra message boards to  see what other people think of the game-plus it could help you along in  learning the basic components of the gameprediction:4
reviewText:An old gaming buddy of mine, Stooge_Baal, introduced me to Homeworld, and when I first played it I had some misgivings about the game.1) It was a resource hog for the time it came out, which made my system drop out and glitch every now and then.2) The missions were limited in terms of scope.  The game itself was so immaginative and impressive that I think some attention was lacking in designing the missions.  They're impressive, but could've been so much more.3) I couldn't pilot a single ship.  I was delegated strictly to the role of admiral/fleet-captain.  I couldn't jump into the cockpit or bridge of one of these ships, and take a hands on approach to fighting.Ergo my following thoughts; there are so many positives about this game that I can't help but give it five stars.  However, if I were to make a mod or have the developers create an expansion for Homeworld, it would be to create a "realism" mode where players could fight over vast distances.  I'm talking millions of kilometers here; AU size strategic ranges, with perhaps tactical distances being more akin to modern BVR engagement for today's jet fighters.  I also would love to be able to have been able to pilot one of the ships, and/or man a gun turret while my AI controlled the rest of my assets.Otherwise, in terms of graphics this game is visually striking.  And I truly mean that.  Vivendi did their homework when it came to developing this game, and it was created with love and passion for the science fiction space opera genre.The music, story and backgrounds are blended supurbly.  This is truly an impressive production, but, like I say, I had my own personal misgivings of what I wanted.  Still, my personal tastes shouldn't detract from what surely is quality game design.Like I say those are just my personal takes on what else I would have liked in this this game.  I know it's been about ten years since this game first came out, and seeing as how the whole franchise seems to have been put permanently on hiatus, the possibility of this series being revived are slim and none.  Too bad, because it deserves better.Homeworld is the space-game other corporate driven studios would have loved to have produced, but, because of their own power structures dictating their creativity, can't.  They're incapable of doing so, and when they tried tended to botch the effort.If you haven't tried Homeworld, then do yourself a favor and buy a used copy.  Every good science fiction fan owes it to themselves.  The missions are somewhat linear, and lack what could have been a larger dynamicism, but the gameplay is respectable enough that you should be able to enjoy the story and wonderful graphics that rival today's top of the line space-sims.prediction:4
reviewText:This game calls its civilizations &quot;races&quot; and has slavery as a prominet part of the game, but there is the abolition eventually. It does not feel like a successor to Civilization II. The wonders of the world are  all new, as is the technology tree. The interface is new, and you cannot  use a keyboard to move units. I did not care much for its supposedly  improved graphics over Civilization II, I did not see that much  improvement, and by now the graphics are not cutting edge anyway.There  are too many new units and cumbersome rules associated with them. The  cursed televangelist keeps popping up out of nowhere, converting cities and  eating into your empire's resources. The lawyer hides just as you are about  to move a military unit to kill him. Building cities in space and under  water may sound like a lot of fun and a novelty compared to the two  original Civilizations. But playing at lower levels, this won't be  interesting, becuase you will learn how to crush your opponents before  acquiring the technology for underwater and space construction; at higher  levels, the game becomes too difficult and too cluttered with units and  characters to persevere with marine and space existence. The only real  improvement over Civilization II is that governments are more stable during  war. In Civ II, if you wanted to wage a serious war, you had to install  monarchy or fundamentalism, or your government would collapse. Bottom line:  maybe it's because I am older, but I did not enjoy this game as much as  Civilization II. What comes out of &quot;Call to Power&quot; screams for  help to bring more original and well-crafted games to the market.prediction:4
reviewText:This game was great back when games sucked.  If Sierra remade this game and released it now (with added civilization rts properties) for each race (fire giants, wind giants, water people, earth dwarves, ect) it would  hold it's own against all of it's current competitors.It has amazing music, art-work, and you can really tell that the makers spent hundreds of hours making sure everything was seamless.  Even the one glitch that this game has (the Life Staff glitch) only makes the game more fun.  It's an old game, but classic, and with added expansionist features combiningAge of Wonders II: The Wizard's ThroneandSid Meier's Civilization 3 Completewith Lords of Magic, they could have a game that would stand the test of time.HECK!  If my Win-7 ran Lords of Magic, I would still play it, because there's just something about the music, the art-work, and the game-play that really pulls you in...prediction:4
reviewText:I remember getting this game a while back when I was younger.  The game was difficult to master, which I attributed to my young age, but I loved to play it because of the nice atmosphere it gave; beautiful, fantasy surrounding, pleasant music, pretty landscape (the 3D terrain had an enhancing effect over other strategy RPGs I had played on the PC before).  Overall, I enjoyed the game a lot.Moving back to the present day, I had lost my copy and was itching to play it again, having all but forgotten what the game was like.  My girlfriend and I had gotten hooked on Age of Wonders, and I wanted to investigate similar games for her.I ordered LoM SE on Amazon not too long after.  After installing and playing the game for a bit, I was a little dissapointed.  I was still the game that I remember, but it seemed deficient in ways I hadn't noticed before.For example, the graphics did not age well.  I can go back and play much older games from my childhood such as Quest for Glory I & II (SCI engine) and still marvel at how beautiful the graphics are despite only 16 available colors and a screen resolution of 320x240.  This is double edged, because while I feel that LoM has pretty graphics, they still seem to work out poorly in the long run.Secondly, I still find the gameplay to be difficult.  I'm not a kid anymore, and I have since mastered other fantasy RPGs, but the system in LoM seems a bit awkward and difficult to master.  I couldn't play it for more than a half hour.Overall, I think it's a good game.  Even though it's not my cup of tea anymore, I can see that lots of other people really love it, so if you like the genre then I give it a good recommendation.  The price tag is very cheap, and it's well worth a grab.prediction:4
reviewText:Gabriel Knight wants to be a slacker and a writer--it turns out he has a destiny instead, one that sends him tracking down voodoo priestesses and werewolves on a regular basis.The first Gabriel Knight game had an  excellent story and cool characters, even if they were just little sprites  running around.  The Beast Within, the second game, really came alive with  superb use of FMV, and excellent casting (for everyone except Gabriel, but  the rest are so good, and even he shines sometimes, that you don't mind too  much).  Plus, the story is rich and complex, drawing from reality and  fiction equally, and blending them so skillfully, you aren't sure what's  &quot;real&quot; and what isn't by the time you're done.And the  music...wow.  I'm not even referring to the opera they wrote--the score for  the game itself had me on the edge of my seat more than once.  You owe it  to yourself to play these games, now!prediction:4
reviewText:I've owned this game for many years.. so long I don't even remember .. pre-2000. To the best of my memory, this game occurred when Sid and the Civ people were having a bit of falling out.. so Sid moved to Fireaxis and produced this game which built into it many of the "improvements" that he forsaw for Civ.. it was in some ways a "pointer" to CIV III and some of the changes to occur there.Being a 1999 game it has "primitive" graphics.. no 3D etc as in today's games, but I still think they're decent. Also, like Civ II, this is not a half-hour game.. it can go on for some time.. but at least you can save it and pick it up later.It does occur "beyond Civ".. after the launch of the spaceship and colonization of space.. and involves a new set of "races" and a new tech tree. Some call the tech tree "too foreign" or hard to understand.. but I don't really think so.. the techs may seem "artificial" or "invented" while the Civ tech's seem "real".. that is techs based on things we are familiar with. To me they are just a ladder to climb to more advanced capabilities.. wonders (called "special projects), social options, units, etc.The game can be won through diplomacy, conquest, transcendence (sort of a human-evolution event), economics, cooperative.. and many rules can be turned "on/off" and "iron man" mode.Further there is major flexibility in choosing not only governments, but also economics, military, education, environment (big factor in this game), research, health, etc. And you can take "stances" ruthless, moderate, or idealistic for military interactions.  Trade still can play a big role too.This is not a war game (though it can be played that way).. instead it is an influence and strategy game.. Without being too longwinded, I think its strong points are (relative to Civ II)* You can use the "governor" much better including customizing it to your own rules.. as opposed to the governor in Civ which I don't know anyone who uses.. (including unit automations) These are especially useful in  to reduce the tedium in the ICS (Infinite City Sprawl) and "pop-booming" strategies often employed where there may be MANY MANY cities.* Strategic deallings with other civ's are crucial to a successful game.* Boundaries (or areas of influence) are introduced.. these help "manage" war/peace and some of the really annoying situations in Civ II.* You can set ingame "slants" on the governor as you progress through appropriate "play styles" of explore, discover, build and conquer.. you have to be prepared to play any of them depending on game circumstances.* There are MAJOR improvements in automation beyond just the governor and "slants" such as using queue's for building, and "group" commands like "build road to" instead of having to go tile by tile to do it. The GOTO command is improved too complete with mod's like "avoid enemies" etc* Instead of a lot of units, the units instead are basic, but EXTENSIVE mods can be researched and added to basic units to form new capabilities. This helps avoid the "warrior vs machinegun syndrome"* All units can be upgraded for a fee.. this is more realistic than the "throwaways" or needing "Leo's Workshop" wonder.* Materials don't have to be in the city to use it.. they can be "teleported" to other cities from one city or from a distant location if you can control the land.Well you get the idea.. its just a lot of new stuff.. :)I DON'T particularly like the huge differences among the races.. some of which have such constraints that they are virtually impossible to win a game with.. only 4 or so really lend themselves to playable games. But I don't think this is a "game stopper".. just a constraint.. It would be nice if some of the traits could be modified to more balance the game, but I truly think they were created to be a foil to the human player. As you play, you can use the "social engineering" for some balancing.The game is richly complex with numerous "in-play" options, mod's and social structures, etc that can give play variations.All in all I find it to be a game offering many enjoyable hours.. though it is hard to "FORCE IT" to play your play style.. you instead have to probe for play styles that fit the nature of the challenges of your particular game. I still find myself playing this now and then even 10 years after it's release.It can be purchased now for the $10-15 range including shipping. I'd say its a definite option at those prices.prediction:4
reviewText:Alpha Centauri is a turn-based, city-building strategy, a great follow-on but not a sequel to Civilization II. The game adds a lot of diplomacy features although I usually try to wipe the other players out. Alpha Centauri has automation features too: City governors who decide what to build, although sometimes they would try to build something they shouldn't such as the `Build' governor making military units. Overall a classic, recommended for most and a must have for Civilization fans.prediction:4
reviewText:My opinion of this game is basically this: wow.I am confident in saying this is my favorite game of all time.  When I started playing this game, I thought it was a war game and only thought of it as that.  Even though I was TERRIBLY wrong, you can still treat Alpha Centauri simply as a war game and be 100% satisfied with it.  However, it's so, so, so much more.  I've been playing it for over a year now, and I'm still learning new features and aspects of the game that I never noticed.  I like how if you are a beginner, you can set base production to "governor" and that will direct production according to your current priorities if you don't really know what you're doing yet.  Also, there are multiple ways of achieving victory, not just conquest like most games.  These include: conquest (conquer everyone), diplomatic (get elected supreme leader), cooperative (destroy enemies and share victory with allies), economic (monopolize the planet's economy) and transcendence (begin the next stage of human evolution).  There may be one or two I forgot about, but as you can see it's more than simply a war game.  However, like in reality, you will need to maintain a military to defend yourself against more aggressive factions.I love how the game lets you customize certain things.  Your government isn't limited to despotism, monarchy, democracy, etc...  You get to choose how your government works on many different levels, such as values, economics, etc...  Also, you get to design your own units.  Want a swarm of fighters to intercept enemy aircraft without a huge support cost?  You got it.  Want a few units equipped with nerve gas that you can paradrop into your enemies terrirory just in case things get desperate?  You got that too.  There are so many combinations you can create, it gives the game more depth than most.I suppose the biggest negative factors are 1)it's complexity and 2)it's similarity to the Civilation series.  However, these are minor as 1)there are ways of simplifying gameplay and once you understand it's complexity, you only get that much more out of the game and 2)even though it is similar to Civilization, there are also many differences and I think this game is far superior to any of the civilization games.I could go on and on about the game, but I highly recommend you at least download the demo and give it a chance.  I am comfortable saying if you give it a fair chance to win you over, your time will not be a waste.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought this game at a EB store. It was one of the most interesting civ games I have ever played. It had verry good game concpts and I played for hours on end. And that was about 7 to 10 years ago. I still remeber playing it. But then again I like all civ games. It got 4 stars over all. But I only got 3 stars of fun out of it. I finaly got burnt out on it and traded it. And I have nothing but good memories from playing it. Planting forest and reaserching biomorphic fugi. And the wierd mind worms which took the place of barbains. Differnt factions such as chairman yang of the hive and more cool stuff.prediction:4
reviewText:OK, first off, I'd like to say that Um Jammer Lammy is a great game. But ONLY for a select few. Some people might be turned off by the 2D graphics and cute characters, and it can be frustrating to time yourself while &quot;playing&quot; the guitar. At first I could only get through the levels on the Easy mode, but after a while everything gets easier.The main concept is this: You are Lammy, Um Jammer Lammy, a guitar-playing lamb in a rock band called &quot;Milkcan&quot; (which also includes a bass-playing cat, a drumming dog, and a rapping onion). Throughout the whole game you are helping Lammy get out of sticky situations by playing the guitar (ex. putting out a fire, flying a plane). You are rated as awful, bad, good, or cool- and if you make it to &quot;cool&quot; you get to solo. You play the guitar by pressing different buttons on the control in time to the music, and there a guide telling you when to play. The songs are catchy and sometimes very funny, the animations are funny too but most of the time you are watching a scrolling guide on top of the screen, so this game is sometimes more fun for spectators.Um Jammer Lammy has great music, good gameplay (esp. if you like puzzle games, or music for that matter), imaginative controls and, and the whole game is a cool concept (come on, a guitar playing lamb-- it's never been done before). There are hardly any music games out on PSX (as far as I know, PaRappa the Rapper and Um Jammer Lammy are the only ones, but I could be wrong). Overall, Um Jammer Lammy is a very fun game. If you're interested in a challenging game with catchy songs, a rock band made of up animals, bizarre scenarios, or just something different, then this is for you.prediction:4
reviewText:Music games aren't just another genre, they're another universe. Inside that category you have everything from hit-the-button-at-exactly-the-right-moment of Space Channel 5 to the ensemble jamming of Rock Band. But once upon a time before music games were all that popular there was a cute funny Japanese title called Parappa the Rapper for the Playstation that redefined what could make a good game. It featured cute animals in a wacky story that required you to push the buttons in time to the music, but also let you freestyle and improvise to a degree to get the highest scores. The songs were strange but extremely catchy, and the characters were so lovable that people who were looking for something different couldn't help but love it.Fast forward to the sequel. Instead of the puppy Parappa, you control the guitar player Lammy who's trying to hit the big time with her band. Every button press corresponds to guitar licks instead of words spoken, but that's not the only change. First of all, you can use the whammy bar to add that effect, as you play numerous other effects are unlocked that you can also use, and those effects really do change the sound of the guitar. Secondly, once you beat the game you start to unlock other unique options, such as multiple modes of two-player (cooperative or competitive), and the ability to play the whole game as Parappa (rapping instead of jamming).Personally, I think the guitar works way better than voice did in Parappa. It just feels more like making music. And although the game can at times be frustratingly difficult, the whole experience is much more accessible (again, just my opinion) than games that use controllers that resemble musical instruments. There's no music technique involved on the basic level other than a sense of timing and the ability to hit the button you're supposed to in sequence. But again, it CAN be really difficult.I'll admit it. I've never been that good as rhythm and music games, despite my love for them. I could never beat Space Channel 5 1 or 2 despite countless hours of practice. And I don't think I ever achieved "COOL" ranking in Parappa. I did however, achieve that ranking in this game a couple of times, and once you do it is one of the coolest things in any video game, kind of like obtaining invincibility for a minute. Basically, as the game song progresses your accuracy either makes you gain or lose rank, and if you DO obtain the top ranking of "COOL", you can freestyle however you want in a solo. It is just so incredibly cool playing a music instrument with just a regular controller. The next closest thing I can think of is the percussion jamming you can do while shooting down enemies in Rez. There's just something really wonderful about creating your own improvisations to music (and if you're never gonna make it playing a real instrument or in a band for that matter, it may be the only solo time you get in life). True, it's no rock band, but the two games are apples and oranges, and this game is decidedly Japanese.Truly, a game this strange could only come out of Japan. As with the first game Parappa, everything is paper cut-outs, the songs are all about performing a task (making a guitar with a chainsaw, landing a plane, putting out a fire, ect), but they are all great in their wacky way. There is also tremendous variety in the types of songs, which range from the now classic Master Onion Chop to the split-personality thrash rock of the plane song. Of course it's all feel good stuff culminating in a super-feel-good climax of the band playing their big gig.With all the unlockables this game is a great value. If you loved Parappa you should definitely buy a copy. And even if you didn't, you may want to give it a try. I have yet to find a person who enjoyed playing the two-player with me, but the five minutes my older sister Codemaster Talon did play with me were pure magic :)prediction:4
reviewText:I recently ordered a NGPC,received it the other day, and I must say even in though we are bombarded with the hype regarding the PSP and DS, this system still rocks. Very simple to use, and has a great library of games, which include Metal Slug, Fatal Fury, Puzzle Bobble, and SNK V. Capcom, just to name a few.It is too bad that SNK pulled the plug on this console before it even made a dent in the US, but I think the fact that it is an "extinct" system adds remarkably to it's appeal. Get yourself one of these systems while they are still cheap and available.prediction:4
reviewText:I have recently purchased the Neo Geo Pocket game system.  My son currently has a Nintendo Game Boy SP, but I wanted a little something for me while I am waiting in the airports and so forth.  I found this little system on Amazon and saw the price and figured it would be worth a shot.  Man was I amazed!  The system may not have a large library of games, but the games that are available are very entertaining to say the least.  My son even put down his Game Boy and prefers to play the Neo Geo.  The games are very cheap compared to other handhelds.  I highly recommend this system if you want something to play that is entertaining and is fairly cheap.  However, if you are looking for a system with a huge library of games, this may not be the right system for you.Pros: Good graphics and easy to use controls.Games are very entertaining.Price is very cheap compared to most systems.Cons: Small Library of gamesUtilizes AA batteries instead of lithium rechargeableScreen is not backlitI still believe it is a diamond in the ruff.prediction:4
reviewText:Since I'm reviewing the system as a whole, I'll try not to go into detail about individual games too much, but rather give you reasons to buy this system and which games you should look into.I got my NGPC a little late in the game (about 3 years ago), but I have to say that since then, I've played it more than most other handhelds...even to this day (with only my DS rivaling it at the moment). I now have about 20 games total, including a few rare ones and not a single one of them is bad (which is a lot more than I can say for some of my GBA and PSP games).Now I know a lot of people wouldn't bother picking one up for a few of the more common reasons:1. Dated graphics2. No lit screen3. No recargable battery4. Small game libraryWell, let me address those individually. To start with, 1) the graphics on this little machine are pretty amazing. You do have to consider the time it came out, but even now, I'm still impressed with how this thing looks and plays. You have to understand that the NGPC was going up against the Game Boy Color, and the NGPC looks a LOT better than the GBC ever did in all respects. Screenshots can be easily found online, so I suggest looking some up if you don't believe me.2) As for not having a lit screen, this is a big draw back. However, if you do some googling, you can find companies that will install front lights for a minimal charge. Basically, they take the light from a GBA SP and install it on a NGPC. It makes things MUCH nicer, let me tell you!3)Unfortunately, at least to my knowledge, there is no rechargable battery mod for the NGPC. However, this really isn't an issue since the battery life is AMAZING. I've read reports of up to 40 hours gameplay off 2 AAs! I generally use a battery pack (which can be had online very cheap), so I can't say for certain how long 2 AAs last, but I can say that I've only had to change mine once since I got mine over 3 years ago.And finally 4), The small library of games is a little bit of a let down, but the difference between the GB which has TONS of games and the NGPC which has few is that nearly all NGPC games are GOOD GAMES. The GB has tons of bad games which should have never seen the light of day, as do the GBA, DS, PSP, etc. Sure, the NGPC has it's share of poor titles, all systems do, but the percentage of good games vastly outweighs the bad. Let me give you a few examples from my library...If you were ever into fighting games, then you will ADORE THIS SYSTEM! If you've been a fighting fan, you should know that up until recently, handheld fighters have been pretty poor compared to their original versions (Mortal Kombat on Game Gear or Street Fighter II on Game Boy, anyone?). Well, SNK has done an amazing job porting over these classic titles in such detail that you will wish they made console versions in the same style! Trust me! If you don't believe me, do some searching online for these titles:SNK vs CAPCOM: Match of the MilleniumKing of Fighters R-2 (There's also an R-1 which was on the black and white Neo Geo Pocket and is fully playable on the Color system)Samurai Showdown!2 (Again, there's a B/W verison of NGP)The Last Blade: Beyond the DestinyFatal Fury: First ContactGals' FightersRockman Battle & Fighters (Japanese only port of the Mega Man arcade fighting games)I highly recommend all of the above, although Rockman is kind of rare now days. The games play SO much like their original versions (if there was one), you won't belive it. Unlike older handheld fighters, move lists are complete, the number of playable characters is amazing, amount of unlockables/replay value in some is just crazy, and the addition of a little joystick rather than a usual D-pad makes these fighters feel right at home.The NGPC has it's share of good RPGs and other types of games, too. It even has a really awesome Sonic the Hedgehog game which plays just like the ones on Genesis (not like the more recent titles on GBA). Not to mention one of the most popular NGPC games ever: SNK vs CAPCOM: Card Fighter's Clash. Look up reviews on that one and it's reason enough to get this system. If you like Pokemon or Yu-Gi-Oh, then you'll love Card Fighter's Clash. Even if you don't like that kind of stuff, you'll like CFC...seriously.The bottom line is that the Neo Geo Pocket Color can be had so cheap these days (as little as $10-$20 for just the system sometimes), there's no reason not to at least give it a chance. Games can be had for as little as $2-$3, even for many of the titles I mentioned above, and are brand new. For example, for about $100, you can get a system, 6-9 games, an ac adapter, a battery pack, and an worm light. That's pretty common.One last thing to note is that, as with most handhelds, the games are region free, meaning it doesn't matter if you get a japanese version of a game, it'll still play on a US system. SNK did one better, though, and many of the games support all the languages, too! You set what language you want on your system (it has a "bios" similar to the DS) and the games will play in that language regardless of where they came from.THIS ISN'T TRUE FOR ALL GAMES, though, so be sure to research the specific title first, if you can't find a US or UK version. I have several JP and UK games in addition to my US ones and the only one I had that wouldn't support English was the JP version of Gal's Fighters. So if you want that one, find a US or UK version. The JP one is still playable, but the story is so hilarious, you'll want to be able to read it!In short, if you like handhelds, games in general, or are just bored and looking for something to do, then the NGPC is a good solution for you. The system is small enough to fit in your pocket, and fun enough to give you HOURS of enjoyment for the little amount you'll pay for it.prediction:4
reviewText:Ok first of all, let me tell you the game works fine. It didn't crash on my system, and it didn't crash on two of my other computers (one of them only runs on a PII 400 mhz). I think the problem lies with the user. During installation, DO NOT install the A3D drivers. It's just common sense. If you dont have an A3D soundcard then dont install the drivers. Plain and simple. Some users feel they need to install every thing the game asks them to install but in reality you dont have to. Basic point is to know what your computer has. This game will ask you to install Direct x 7.0a. If you have Direct x8.0a then don't install Direct x 7.0a because its an older driver.When the game boots, you will be given the option to create a graphics cache file. If you dont set the graphics cache file, the game will crash. Most users are so hot to get into the game that they neglect the little details of setting up options. All you have to do is set the graphics cache file. The graphics cache file uses about 500 mb of your swap file. Here's a trick. Clean up your OS system drive. Remove junk files in your Temp folder; in fact, remove everything you see in your temp folder. Next, go clean the Temp Internet Files folder.Now to the game. Patch the game before you play it. Download patch 2.0 (25mb). Ok, the game is very realistic. For rookie sim fans wanting to fly and do some sightseeing around Germany on a B-17, this is not the game for you. By the time you get close to one of the radar sites surrounding Germany, dozens of attack fighters will feed you with lead until you either crash or turn back. This is a war sim ergo no free fly mode. Graphics does the job in the game although not that spectacular, for most of the flight, you'll be looking at open pastures and green until you get to your target. The travel time is very realistic. From your airbase to your target, you'll actually be flying the whole trip in real time. Sit back and relax during this trip, its going to be a long trip---enjoy it while it lasts because once the shooting happens, you'll be scambling for dear life. Missions in the game are historical and they are very difficult to accomplish but not impossible. Flight dynamics are superb (specially after you patch the game). These bombers are just hard to fly but hey this is 1943 people, they dont have the hardware like what planes have now. Special mention to the Norden bombsight instrument. This is a bit complicated to use. It shouldn't surprise history buffs since most of the bombs dropped during WWII never really did hit their targets. Dont expect to see HUDs or targetting reticles here. Everything is DEAD aiming and pure luck.Overall, this game is awesome. It gave me a sense of just being inside the B-17 anticipating and waiting for the coming &quot;storm&quot; when flaks and enemy fighters start coming at you.Buy this game, follow the tips I gave you and it should work. Oh and did i tell you the game hasnt crashed since i installed it?prediction:4
reviewText:As the first Castlevania game I have got, this game set a good example and now I am collecting Castlevania games. As Alucard, half-vampire and half-human, you must fight your way throughout a giant castle. Although somewhat easy, it is one of the best games  I have ever played for the Playstation. The graphics aren't too good for it is a 2D side-scrolling game. Usually, side-scrolling games aren't very good, but this is AWESOME! This game, Tekken 3, and Crash Bash are the best games I have probably ever played. In other words, unless you're cracked up, this game will be one of the best games you have ever played. Now, since I got lots of new games, I'm off to rate more games. Good night!prediction:4
reviewText:I played this game YEARS after it was released and could not believe how well it has held up. It truly is an amazing game. What makes this game so spectacular is the ambience it creates. Although the graphics are over 10 years old, the colors are soo vibrant, and the orchestrated score is fantastic- prolly the best of any video game ive ever played. Each portion of the castle is like an amazing  painting. It truly is a work of art. The castle is dark, creepy, and full of life. The plot is really good as well, (despite some horrid english acting that will be ridiculed untill the end of time. lol) You control Alucard, the half vampire and half human son of Dracula, as he tries to stop his father. Alucard is an awesome looking character to control and with constant upgrades to collect, it is rewarding to see him progress into a powerful force. This game laid the foundation for the excellent portable castlevanias on Nintendo systems but it still remains the best out of all of them. The ambiance, the music, the simple, but rewarding gameplay, and the colorful graphics still outdo its successors. Definitely one of the greatest games of all time.prediction:4
reviewText:Where do I begin? I have played the first four classic entries of the series, and Lament of Innocence, the Mercury Steam Lords of Shadow and Mirror of Fate, and I must say that not only was this entry released in Konami's prime, but they have given the name Castlevania a whole new meaning while adding to the overall gameplay experience. The environment of the game is astoundingly detailed with 3D background effects, including moving objects in full 3D and the creativity involved in developing the enemies make it that much easier to immerse yourself in this wonderful complete fantasy world, and escaping reality. With that being said, seeing that this game was directly influenced by Super Metroid, and perhaps some of the other Nintendo entries to the series, I must say that the Metroid-style gameplay was executed beautifully with all kinds of different suits (or cloaks) you can pick up, fluid controls, and an absolutely fantastic soundtrack that fits each and every one of its perspective environments the tracks were made for. Another excellent aspect of this game is the idea of leveling up your character to increase stats and such. That was beautifully implemented, rewarding you with easier gameplay if you destroy enough enemies and find the most powerful cloaks and weapons you can find in the game. You can also acquire various transformations that will turn your character into either a bat, a purple wolf, or simply a handful of mist, so you can pass through obstacles that were blocked before. Overall, this game is the most groundbreaking entry of the series, and it is one that I would not mind playing again and again, as the gameplay is as versatile as it gets with these style of games.prediction:4
reviewText:I've been playing games since I can remember. Unlike the current crop of wannabe hard-core gamers, I really am one. I've been playing games before the PSX, before the SNES, ... I still remember when the NES came out. But in all my years of gaming, never have I played a game as amazing and beautiful as Konami's &quot;Castlevania: Symphony Of The Night.&quot; The breathtaking graphics, the rich and haunting soundtrack, the perfect control--all of this adds up to nothing compared to the gameplay itself, which is of unrivaled magnitude. After Richter Belmont had defeated Dracula in the last &quot;Castlevania,&quot; all seemed pleasant--until now. One night, four years after the supposed demise of Dracula, Richter simply vanished. With no idea as to where to go, Maria Renard, Richter's sister-in-law, went out on her search for him when it happened: Castlevania, home of Dracula, had suddenly appeared. You play as Alucard, the offspring of a human woman and Dracula himself. Then, you enter Castlevania. 3D? Bah. The game mixes both the 2D side-scrolling and RPG genres perfectly. Fans of both genres (and those, like myself, that love both genres) will no doubt cherish this game. This is easily the biggest &quot;Castlevania&quot; game so far. There's over 140 different villians, around a dozen spells, a vast array of weapons and armor, and multiple endings. So take a few days off from work and/or school, because you're gonna need 'em. The graphics are absolutely gorgeous. I still ask myself why everyone's jumping on fancy 3D engines when they could create a game like this. Could you imagine a 2D &quot;Castlevania&quot; on Dreamcast? (drools) Anyways, the graphics on this game are top-notch stuff. Lots of detail on every little character and background. The control is as easy as it gets. Anyone could pick this up and start playing right away. The music though...it just can't be put into words. This is on par with Squaresoft's best work. Yeah, I'm serious. Usually when playing games, I pop in a Dead Can Dance CD or something, but this soundtrack is too epic to miss. Alucard has lots of different spells he can use, all of which are quite effective and beautifully drawn. There's also relics which Alucard collects, and they are needed to beat the game. Some relics tell you the damage you cause to your enemy; one lets you do a double jump; and then there's some that let you transform into a wolf, bat, or mist. The game offers a decent challenge, by now, after all these years of gaming, there isn't much that I have trouble with, but it did offer me a challenge by trying to collect everything in the game. There is a lot of favorite moments for me in this game, but the moment that stuck out the most in my head was the confession booth. It didn't do anything (except hurt you if the curtains close...), but it stuck out in my head. It's as close as I'll ever get to a real one (I'm anti-religous). All I can say is that you have absolutely no excuse as to why you shouldn't own a copy, ...you're not even a real gamer if you don't own this. The &quot;Castlevania&quot; games that followed this one were mediocre at best (and that's when you don't compare them to this one), so I wouldn't recommend those N64 &quot;sequels&quot; at all. I wish Konami had continued the series with direction they were going with for this game. You can go ahead and keep your &quot;Metal Gear Solid,&quot; I'll stick with this. &quot;Castlevania: Symphony Of The Night&quot; isn't a masterpiece, it's THE masterpiece. Now go get it if you still don't have it.prediction:4
reviewText:So I get this game free with purchase of Castlevania: Lords of Shadow (which is also a pretty good game). People say Lords of Shadow is a great game, but it is NOT a Castlevania game. So to figure out what Castlevania games are all about I give Castlevania: Symphony of the Night a try. AND WOW JUST WOW. This game is simply incredible. After finishing this game (both actual and secret endings) here is what I thoght.***************PROS********************CASTLE EXPLORATION GAMEPLAY: No spoiler here, but most Castlevania games are about going into Count Dracula's castle and finding and destroying him and in process of doing so, encountering and finding a great number of vicious enemies, some really awesome monsterous bosses and awesome weapons and upgrades. Similar to other Castlevania games, this one also has A HUGE CASTLE where you, the son of dracula, can roam around structure to another doing everything stated above.WEAPONS, SECONDARY WEAPONS, SUMMONS, RELICS, UPGRADES, TRANSFORMATIONS AND ALL TYPE OF SPLENDID STUFF: While exploring HUGE castle (emphasis on the word huge) you will find great number of different weapons (swords, mace, blades), secondary weapons (holy water, throwing axe and some weird things) and relics that will either allow you to summon various allies by your side or transform you into beasts with different abilities. Guess being a human sympathetic son of dracula comes with its own advantages. Search for these items will really push you explore the castle. While some are not so hard to find, the good ones are well hidden and will require a through exploration (or use of a guide).RIDICULOUS VARIETY IN ENEMIES AND TREMENDOUS BOSSES: Loved it just loved it. I was surprised to see there were so many different types of enemies in the game. To top it off, defeating them and making your way through the castle rewards you with spectacular boss fights. These bosses vary from your own doppelganger to almighty you know who. There are so many so many awesome bosses. JUST BE SURE TO EXPLORE THE CASTLE THROUGHLY.CASTLE AND REVERSE CASTLE: Now if you just rush through the game without exploring all the area, you will not get to challenge the real main boss of the game. To do so you have to explore the castle throughly, meet certain conditions and unlock the REVERSE CASTLE, which is practically a reverse version of castle you play, but with  tougher enemies and more awesome bosses. I can't tell you much without spoiling, but it is not hard to do. You just have to know something.LEVELING UP THE MAIN CHARACTER: Beating enemies and bosses will give you XPs and level you up making you stronger adding RPG element to the game. So if you are not as skilled then leveling up and then fighting the boss is always an option. I personally got addicted to this and finding items.GREAT GRAPHICS, ART, LEVEL DESIGNS FOR A PS1 GAME: Yup not much to elaborate here. I loved the REVERSE CASTLE design and idea. Again you have to play it to see what I am talking about.PLAY WITH DIFFERENT CHARACTER: In addition to son of dracula, you can also play as a Vampire hunter with very different abilities, you just have to finish the game once.******************CONS******************SECRETIVE PLACES: While you can get map of the castle early on, you still can't locate many important secret places on that map. I wish they had some type of secret map available so one wouldn't have to rely on online guides. Other than this I can complain about the graphics and stuff, but it is a PS1 game, so judging it by today's standard won't be fair.*************CONCLUSION********************If you are new to castlevania franchise and want to learn more, this is a great place to start. It will truly give you a good idea what Castlevania games are all about and why lords of shadow is a great game, but it is not exactly a Castlevania to be precise.prediction:4
reviewText:when I was a wee lad, I played board games, collect four, hungry hippo, monopoly.  They were fun diversions, I was later amazed by the prospect of playing game like pac man, dig dug, ect in arcades, (yah I know I'm old).  I remember the simple days... and It makes my mind wobble how complex, and utterly craptastic, videogames have become today... I've been a gamer pretty much all my life.  So I know how sometimes It's best too keep a game simple, and fun rather then just ruin it by making it too complex.Castlevania manages too find a perfect balance between the simple and complex.  It mixes the old run, jump, smack a monster medusa head, gameplay with street fighter like spells, and wait until you see some of these bosses... some are admittedly lame, others will put your gaming skills too the test. But It's best feature is the awesome design of the castle... and how the developers placed the power ups.Super metroid has been called one of the... if not THE... most well designed game of all time.  The bosses were big and frightening.  the map was desgined with the powerups placed in just such a way that when you found one powerup... It gave you the ability too enter an previously unreachable area, There's a certain rewarding thrill behind playing a game with this design, and the developers are either fans of that design, are worked on super metroid themselves.  Cuz It not only follows that formula, but builds upon it in every way.when you first start the game... there will be all sorts of paths for you too follow... but apparently the archtect of castlevania is a sick joker, cuz even with your supernatural powers, you just can't seem too reach these paths.  But alter in the game... after alot of adventuring, fighting, and finding all sorts of goodies, you will either find what you need too reach that unreachable platform, or wind up on the other side of it through you journeys.  and rest assured it's a fun trip.The powerups are all cool and fun too use, my fave is the mist spell.  that lets your charachter turn into a fog.  your enemies can't touch you when your transformed, so you can just pass through them, and attack thier backs.  others, like changing into a bat, wolf, or being able too super jump, or wear armor that breaks spikes, are all fun too use that has too be played too truly understand.And as for the story... Well, It won't win a oscar, but It's pretty cool.  The last belmont kicks the stuffing outta drac in the beginning of the game, then after four years of friday night poker games, and having a wench in every town... he disappears.  And wouldn't ya know it... about the same time, that fun haunted house that we all know and love as castlevania reappears out of the mist.  Richters sis, maria, puts 2 and 2 together; goes too find him.  (Apparently he owes her money or something :P.)  The half human son of dracula, whos supposed too be locked in an eternal sleep, wakes up after 400 years.  after going too the nearest tailor too get some hip clothes and a much needed bath, he heads out for castlevania as well.  Sword in hand and ready too kick booty... of course that's just the opening... the rest of the story is pretty decent.  I liked how death and allucard had somewhat of a repore.  death seemed at first reluctant too fight him, even gave him a chance too go back... but when allucard refuses too renounce his quest of patricide... the whuppin begins.  moments like these, and many others like It give some more depth too the world of castlevania.I could go on and on... this is a game that has a simple premise... but manages too weave in so many complex elements, all fun, yet never loses the simplicity.  Games were meant too be simple.  a fun distraction from the hectic pace of life. The video gaming industry has grown into such a massive beast over the past few years.  It's no longer a niche hobby.  and such there is a high financial demand for innovation.  But sometimes innovation comes at the cost of fun.  Castlevania SOTN manages too retain the simplicity of the old days.... while having innovations up the kazoo.  That's why so many people have scuh strong feelings for it today.  I would reccommend this too anyone that likes videogames, or wants too start playing them.  Solid snake is cool and all, but Allucard Just has more style.  if they ever making a fighting game centred around the coolest video game charachter ever... expect too see these two in the finals.Of course thats just my opinon.  I could be wrong.  :Pprediction:4
reviewText:Castlevania has been around since the original NES. we have played as countless belmonts, earned countless powerups, and destroyed draculas on countless occasions. Now the castle is back and to the rescue come Alucard, an acient vampire slayer with a shocking past. The castle is huge, the action is huge, and the enemies are huge!Throughout some of the more recent installments of castlevania there have been several different powers to acquire. whether those be magical cards, or the collection of souls, its been around. In this installment Alucard collects relics. These relics can do anything from allow you to jump twice in midair, to summon a ghost to help you in your battle through the castle. The relics are all nicely organized uin the pause menu, and are easily tuned on and off with the simple touch of a button.Another great addition to SOTN is the spells. You are able to buy magic scrolls from the merchant, which contain button combinations of how to perform different spells. Everything from health regeneration to summoning souls for a quick attack on the enemy, with ease! with this merchant comes my one and only gripe. In this game you only have the choice to sell of different gems, zircon, aquamarine, garnet, and so on. Toward the end of the game a relic which duplicates any item use becomes available, the only problem? its 500,000 dollars! seeign that the most valuable gem, the diamond, only pulls 20,000 bucks, it takes quite a logn time to find all the money for this item. I thought being able to sell off old, useless weapons, armor, and accesories would have helped this problem a long a bit better than simply wandering the castle for cash.In conclusion, it is impossible to talk about the plot of this game and not give anything away, so you will just have to play it. Take it from me, a person who has been collecting videogames for years and years, this game is going to attain a very high price tag in not very long. The original version can go for upward of 50 dollars, and ive even seen the greatest hit version for 40! Its a great expierience you won't be able to put down, great for the action/RPG junkie!prediction:4
reviewText:This grows on, in, and around your consciousness.  Castlevania: SOTN is bliss, a heavenly escape from life.  Transcending mere fun, this game becomes a way of 10-hour life; maybe not so long, but one joyous ride.  Corny voice acting gives a lighthearted twist to the intended serious story, but that's hardly enough to detract from the uncut fun.  If you enjoy hybrids, I've counted these genres: platform, action, adventure, and RPG, one heady mix, and need nonstop action from your games, Castlevania should have long ago been yours.prediction:4
reviewText:Quite frankly you are smoking rocks if this game doesn't become one of the most pleasantly infectious gaming memories of your life.  I should really hate this game for the hundreds of hours it has managed to detract me from doing things society would label as "important".  I love this game more than my mom and I've told that to her face.  Even if you don't end up liking this game I believe everybody owes it to themselves to try it out.With that said, this game is poetry in motion.  From the music to the artwork, everything is simply a pleasure for the senses and when coupled with solid simplistic and fun gameplay you really can't argue.The game has a sprite based watercolor feel to it and you aren't going to find an artistic direction like this in many other games because the lead character designer on this game, Ayami Kojima, is entirely self trained.  The art is perfect for this game though.  From the most obvious to the smallest detail you ARE in Dracula's castle.  Nothing feels out of place.  My only gripe here is that if you aren't playing the game on an overclocked Saturn then you're going to experience some lag when a lot is going on meaning that sometimes they were a little too ambitious with their work.The music sets the mood perfectly in this game.  I kind of like video game music from time to time, but I own this album and listen to it regularly.  The music can be serene and creepy for underground areas or drive powerful metal guitar riffs for those more intense moments.  Again, everything is paired perfectly (environments and music) and not a single area rubs you the wrong way.  There's also a hidden music track on this game if you put it in to a CD player which is kind of funny, so check it out.The gameplay, what's not to like here?  Taking everything cool about RPGs and pairing it flawlessly with everything good about action/platforming games.  The controls are solid, you can belt spells out Street Fighter style at a moments notice or backdash for dodging without thinking about it.  My only gripe is that the game can be super easy once you know what you're doing, but I really don't care because the game is such a joy to play.It's not necessarily obvious upon completing the game but there are TONS of replay modes and different endings to get.  You can play through with a different character, and several different sets of starting stats by entering a different name when you start the game.  There are also certain items, like the Duplicator, that are only available after you have cleared the game once.I could go on for days about the pleasures of this game but I've told you what you need to know.  With this game now being on the 360 arcade and supposedly coming out on the PSP there is no excuse not to play it.  I dream of the day when a true console sequel is made for this game with Guilty Gear Isuka quality graphics *DROOL*...prediction:4
reviewText:This game is by far one of the best Castlevania game in the franchise. Super Catslevania IV is my personal favorite, but this one is definitely tied for 2nd place, along with Aria of Sorrow on the Gameboy Advance. Yes SotN was the first game to begin the so called "Metroidvania" phase, but the game itself is spectacular. Even if you enjoy the more linear (point A to point B) style of the original Castlevania games (outside of Simon's Quest)you should really enjoy the more open world feel that this style brings to the table. This game will challenge you to a point of frustration, but will keep you coming back again and again. The music is great, the enemies are unique, and there are so many subweapons, and powerups to keep this game fresh. I will continue to play and replay this one again and again.prediction:4
reviewText:Castlevania: Symphony of the Night harkens back to the early and great Castlevanias of the old NES, but with vastly updated graphics, gameplay, and even ambiance.  Sure, it's still a 2-D scroller where you roam around and jump around on platforms and what not, but it's at the top of the heap.  The game starts somewhat oddly with you as a vampire hunter facing off against Dracula in a fairly wacky fight that always reminds me of a pro wrestling match.  You beat Dracula, at which point time warps ahead and you switch to Alucard, Dracula's remorseful son (spell Alucard backwards..yah, clever) who brings the fight to Dracula's vast and labyrinthe castle in an effort to do away with his evil sire for all time.  At first I was put off by what I thought was a bizarre and inelegant introduction (the human vampire hunter is a character from one of the mediocre middle Castlevania games, and is very unwieldy) but it turns out the manner in which you use him to defeat Dracula "historically" in the plot affects Alucard's starting abilities.  Meaning if you beat up on Drakula with magic, Alucard later favors magic.  Ditto for melee combat.Anyway, the game is lush and filled with endless amounts of loot.  Any monster has a chance to drop rare goodies when slain (based on Alucard's Luck stat), fake walls crumble to reveal hidden platemail, accidentally-tripped switches open bookcases or trapdoors, and zillions of types of monsters appear from all over the place.  The music is great and quite haunting, and the game's RPG and money system are quite well developed.  Alucard has quick "combo" spells you can use while fighting, and many of the weapons, shields, and armors he finds have their own effects which have to be discovered in game play.  I've located weapons that let Alucard teleport, summon the undead to fight for him, call lightning, ice, or fire, or even waves of holy light down on his foes.  Everything from helms to circlets to rings to boots can be worn, and Alucard eventually even develops the ability to transform into traditional vampire modes.  Dissipate into a swirling cloud of mist and waft through a ceiling vent to escape your enemies, turn into a wolf and charge through crowds of zombies, or transform into a bat and fly around breathing fire on everyone.  Lastly Alucard collects various magical relics throughout the game, that do everything from let him breathe underwater to have permament familiars that float around with him on screen and help him out (the dancing runesword is not to be missed).  As an example of the thought put into this game, your familiars themselves even gain experience and go up levels, growing both stronger and smarter over time.  For example, the runesword familiar at first just kinda floats along behind you, lethargically swinging at things long after they took a bite out of you.  But after a while it turns into a gleaming heat seeking weapon of vengeance, mercilessly smiting anything the second it shows up on screen.  At one point I turned Alucard into mist and just drifted around while the sword familiar took out a boss for me.  This game also has more items and secrets in it than your average Final Fantasy, and is more addictive.  It is also one of the least frustrating games you can find; you can save as often as you want in save rooms you find on your map (in a coffin, natch), heal yourself easily, and as a vampire you're more than a match for the sluggish beasts you meet early on.  The challenge of the game comes from an easy balance of combat and puzzle solving, rather than a heavy reliance on one or the other.Lastly, and most entertainingly, the bosses in this game are amazing.  Unlike earlier side scrollers where the game progressed through 'levels', in Symphony of the Night you simply roam around an enormous, maze-like castle.  You never know when suddenly a steel grate will drop behind you and you'll find yourself trapped in a fight with, oh, a grotesque giant mummy suspended on steel hooks that takes up 6 screens worth of animation.  That's just the sort of thing that's worth the price of admission.prediction:4
reviewText:I have only played flight sim games on pc and was really surprised to discover this great game on dreamcast. It's an old game which is almost a decade old, but i had to test my flight joystick(Panther). I had a problem loading the game because i bought it from ebay for $6 with some scratches. After i got past the main screen i had a choice of planes to purchase, but since i had no money which you get for shooting down enemies, i had to pick my default plane.I have completed the first couple of missions in about an hour because i picked the easiest setting. But about half was through the game i started having difficulty completing some missions because of time limit and more enemies.  I finally got enough money to buy a descent plane and none of the enemy planes could touch me.There are escort missions,protect the target, and take out an enemy objectives.  The real challenge came during the last two levels which i had to restart numerous times and by that time i could afford to buy most of all the planes. There are different variety of enemies such as ground,sea, and air. But the most challenging is the air targets, especially when you have to chase them and you have limited amount of time.I was using a Panther flight stick and didn't have a chance yet to try standard controller. The flight stick was awesome, it responded quickly and all buttons have its own distinct function. I would recommend playing this game with a flight stick, if you can find it.  It  just feels like you're in the game when using the joystick.The graphics are as you expect on console made in 1999, pixalated in some parts. The plane detail is pretty good for a console flight sim and looks very similar to real plane. The ground texture look good from above, but really pixalated when close.This game is on Dreamcast,so don't expect a real flight sim, this is just an arcade port. You can buy this game on Ebay or Amazon for under $10. Just have fun.prediction:4
reviewText:Overview: It's a good thing Blue Stinger is a launch title, because had it been released later, closer to Capcom's Resident Evil: Code Veronica, it would have been drowned in the torrent of comparison. Developed by Climax Graphics (of Shining Force, Landstalker and Dark Savior fame), and published stateside by Activision, Blue Stinger, with its cliched portrayals and B-movie voice acting, is an adequate, if underwhelming entry into the ever-expanding genre of survival horror.Graphics: 8.5  Clean. Very clean. That's the most appropriate way to describe the visuals in Blue Stinger. The high-resolution texture maps and relatively high-polygon models are what you'd expect from a next-generation console, and the developers made sure to add liberal amounts of lighting, particle and translucency effects. Boss encounters are another notable, as they really show off the abilities of Sega's machine. The only area in which Blue Stinger does not stack up is a big one: animation. No motion-capture here. The characters animate quite stiffly, creating a rather slow and goofy-looking gait, and while this is not totally damning, it takes a while to get used to.Sound: 7.5  Well, this is a CD-based machine, so the music is high quality. Some of it seems a bit out of place for a survival horror game, but it's not bad. This actually works in some places, such as the town/market area, where the Christmas atmosphere and music creates an atmosphere eerily reminiscent of the original Gremlins film. Voice acting is another thing entirely. While I don't think it is quite as bad as most of the professional magazines have made it out to be, it's definitely of the B-movie variety, perhaps a bit better than the original Resident Evil's. Maybe.Control: 5.5  This is Blue Stinger's weakest point. Analog control is too loose for precision movement, while digital simply isn't responsive enough. The result is a game that's difficult to play at times when precision movement is critical (such as swimming). Luckily, this isn't a platformer, so these are few and far between. What really makes the control so lacking is the camera, which while far improved over the "cinematic" one found in the Japanese version (thanks to some noticeable tweaking by Activision), still manages to get itself in, shall we say, less than advantageous positions (usually they're experienced while in water or in tight corridors). While these are minimal, there are more than enough of them to annoy all but the most hardcore gamers.Gameplay/Theme: 8.0  Yes, Blue Stinger has it's problems, but it is fun. As with any game of this nature, part of the fun comes with blasting enemies with high-powered weapons. In this area, BS delivers. Ranging from the usual shotguns and rocket launchers, to more exotic weapons such as ray swords (a lightsaber rip-off) and railguns. Each character has their own unique arsenal of weapons, which are either found or bought from numerous vending machines located throughout Dinosaur Island. Needless exploration and a few vague puzzles can dampen the fun for you (remember the passcode 1224, you'll need it), if you stick with it, the experience can be rewarding.Overall: 7.5  Like many launch titles, Blue Stinger is a flawed first effort, perhaps moreso than many of the others. That said, it does have its good points, which are far more numerous than the gaming press is willing to let on, and while not for every gamer, if you like blasting baddies, adventuring and a decent story, and are willing to work past the flaws, Blue Stinger might just be worth a few of your hard-earned dollars.prediction:4
reviewText:The variety of monsters and weapons is very cool and the story is fun. THe controls for combat are good, but your character does seem to plod around. It's a very good game.prediction:4
reviewText:At this point I've played every Wipeout game ever made except two. Wipeout Pure for the PSP, and Wipeout HD for the Playstation 3. While Fusion was kinda neat in a couple of ways, and 64 was fun, the real must-owns were definitely Wipeout, Wipeout XL, and Wipeout 3.The first game was slick and pretty and had a beautiful soundtrack, the second was fast beyond all belief, let you blow up the competition, and had music that was a lot more intense (and so were the weapons). The third game is...different, but still very very good.The first two games had slick presentation to be sure, but it can't touch this game. The whole Designer Republic thing has just been kicked into overdrive, and everything has that very simplified futuristic super-clean, super-simple look. Kinda like P.N. 03. Different. But for menus, still nice (except for the fact that you can't read the tech specs on the vehicles because the text is illegible ugh!).The track graphics on the other hand, are like taking the pretty graphics of the first game, accelerating them to near the levels of the second game, and running everything through a graphical filter that makes them look like the style of Need for Speed 4: High Risk or R4: Ridge Racer 4. Again, different. On the whole though, I love the graphics. They feature lots of animations (like birds taking off or aircraft flying by), and are very detailed and smooth, and just pleasant and soothing to look at (less sharp edges and dark moody atmosphere and more happy pastel colors).The weapons are combination of old and some new, with the new being nothing to write home about. Personally I think the weapons from the second game were the best. The craft though, are probably the best of any game in the series. They are all unique, but thus far I've found none of them to have what I would call a crippling shortcoming. They are all fun to use and handle very differently. Sweet. The tracks feature more of the brilliant track design of the first two games, so you'll want to play them over and over and over. The controls are the style and feel as the previous two games, but a boost function that drains your shields has been added (which actually changes the way you play the game quite a bit). There are loads of tracks, vehicles, events, ect to unlock through getting medals in all events with every kind of vehicle, so the game has lots of replay value. The design of the vehicles is also pretty cool if you ask me.If you liked the first two Wipeout games, you'll love this one. The same great Wipeout gameplay with new tracks, new vehicles, and more great unique graphics. Trust me, even if you don't really care for it all that much at first, keep playing. It grows on you. And of course it gets a lot more exciting when you unlock the faster race classes...prediction:4
reviewText:I've been playing iD games since the original Wolfenstein. I can't begin to total the hours spent playing Doom/Doom2/Final Doom and all the WADs people made at home that got swapped around on message boards and the old AOL, Hexen....ehhh not so much, it was fun but then came Quake and holy crap was quake good. Quake was to Doom what Doom was to Wolfenstein. Enter Quake 2. I had this when it first came out on the PS1 and I played it till my fingers bled and my eyes dried up. Very Doom-ish level design and the ever present double barrel shotgun was a must. This time there is the machine gun that was my favorite. While it might be hard to get used to the pre-analog controls [move with the d-pad and look up and down with the shoulder buttons] after playing dual stick FPS's for almsot a decade, it still has the flavor that makes you want to pick it back up. I am happy to have this in my collection again.prediction:4
reviewText:Before I get into anything about Quake II I have to say if you still own a Sony PlayStation or like first person shooters in general Quake II is definitely a must own! Lots of great things to say about this game...*The levels were well designed*Even today the graphics are pretty good as a 3D polygonal shooter*Love the light sourcing effects that bring realism to the overall look that Quake II has*Very smooth fluid-like gameplay and excellent use of colorThankfully the game has some pretty tough enemies because I notice with 3D shooters you don't get huge doses of enemies like you get in the older Doom games.So why 4-stars?Well (sigh) I was blown away by the first Quake and there's plenty of words for it-advanced,dark,creative,or my choice of word would be primitive. Firing a nailgun at an ogre (enemy) wielding a chainsaw and chucking grenades I thought the Quake series was just going to get more grim with every future release in it's polished form. Quake II is still a noteworthy shooter but it goes towards a hi-tech,bio-organic, cybernetic experiment and does a good job at it.It's just that the Quake series didn't stick to a particular formula.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the games I still play on Dreamcast. In an effort to keep the fewest amount of equipment around my tv, I decided to get the playstation version of this game. I must say that I was disappointed in the graphics and how grainy it is. You can't see to far in the distance. I thought it was going to be the same. Oh well. If you've never played this game before, it's still the same fun. I can give it that. I don't want to draw any comparisons to Twisted Metal. I like both. For the price, it's worth a shot but if you still play Dreamcast, get that version instead.prediction:4
reviewText:I've rarely seen a game where opinions are so sharply divided, but perhaps I can make it a bit clearer. First, many of the negative comments have to do with technical problems (from installation to crashes). Don't let that put you off: there's a patch that seems to  solve all the serious problems. I had no issues at all with the latest  version.As for the game itself, all I can say is that I haven't been  this engrossed in a game for years. You start off thinking it's a  first-person shooter, a la Half Life, but soon (after dying a lot) you  realize that you'll need to try something else. That's when the clever  stealth side really emerges. It's not MGS-like sneaking around (yawn), but  hiding in broad daylight *in other people*.Once you get the hang of it  (it's hard but fair), it's incredibly cool. It opens a whole new dimension  of game play and lateral thinking. It also means that you can solve problem  in any number of ways (possess a cop to shoot your way out, a prostitute to  charm your way out, a rat to sneak your way out, etc.)And of course the  game looks fabulous, as technically impressive as Half Life but with  Shiny's trademark lush sci-fi detailing (think MDK) and vivid hues and  transparencies. If you find first-person-shooters a bit samey but want more  action than Tomb Raider-like exploramas, this is the game for you.  Beautiful, provacative, fast-moving and seductive. Highly recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:I don't think I've ever been as angry with any software as I was with Messiah.  After an hour of dying around every corner or in certain parts on the FIRST level, I immediately uninstalled it and returned it.  It is my  policy that any game that just about FORCES you to cheat is a bad game.  Yes, the graphics in this game are good, and yes, the possession ability is  an innovative thing,  but all of that is WORTHLESS when you get killed so  easily.  1-3 hits is all it takes, and when your host dies, expect Bob to  die nanoseconds later.  Even if you're a crackshot and can kill a person  without making a sound, reinforcements appear almost instantly and kill you  just as quickly.  The message here is that combat is best avoided...so why  am I constantly thrusted into it?  And the AI?  Superb, yet stupid at the  same time.  I accidentally went into combat mode with my fists at one time,  and armed guards from across the (very large) room suddenly started  shooting me!  Also, when I possessed a commander, a COMMANDER, for crying  out loud, my own soldiers shot me anyway, AND I WASN'T IN COMBAT MODE!  So  I figure either A) They have a &quot;jealous&quot; behavior, or B) They're  stupid.  Also, the possession ability is an innovation, but you'll get so  frustrated that you'll hardly give it a second thought when you uninstall  it.  I don't even want to think about the later levels that have you going  against demons!  My conclusion is...if you're tired of the usual  &quot;shoot, run, repeat&quot; games, and you're desperate for a change in  3D shooters...stick with &quot;Thief: The Dark Project.&quot;  Let this  game die in piece.prediction:4
reviewText:I approached this game with caution as I was not a fan of Nomad Soul and expect it to be similar. Yes it has similarites but it is 10 times better! Firstly you dont get lost and wonder aimlsessly. There is a logical behind  everything. The idea of pocessing enemies is a new and original one. Its  what makes the game for me actually. There are graphical and soung bugs  (like a lot of 'rushed' games these days) but Messiah is an original and  novel idea. Controls are good. Story is good but no masterful plot. It is a  game I didn;t expect too much from but was hooked. Give it a try - you  might like it. Oh one other thing: This game is tough from day 1. Theres a  big learning curve but once this is passed it will be weeks of enjoyment  until you complete it. Hurray for Bob!prediction:4
reviewText:I had read all of the bad reviews for Messiah, so when I found it in the bargain bin at a local computer store..., I decided to throw caution to the wind and give Messiah a try.  Perhaps the game was in pretty bad shape upon its release, but after applying the latest patch, I've found a game with rich graphics, great sound, and an interesting storyline.  The control scheme could be a little more intuitive.  Messiah is definitely an underrated title...prediction:4
reviewText:A vast improvement over the original, which was also fun, but not like this. Here there is more of everything we like: a bigger map, more cities, more enemies, and more violent violence. Lengthier quests, and more NPCs that can join the fight. An even funnier storyline, with more dirty, devious, morally bankrupt adversaries to overcome. It's really fun to pretend to be a slavedriver and then murder all your coworkers with a submachine gun. It really is. And then watch all the poor slaves run away turn by turn.And we can gamble and drink and ignore the beggar and still embark on the hero's quest. Wonderful. There is too much technology in this one for it to capture the feel of the original, but still, it's great fun.No time limit, so we can take our time enjoying the landscape and out-brutalizing our brutal adversaries.New weapons, better weapons, with improved fatality scenes.More choices to make. Hero, or villain? You can't finish the game as a villain, but you can still have plenty of fun.Still a few drawbacks, however: 1. the travel system hasn't been fixed. You still have to wander around in the desert hoping to be attacked by something stronger than mole rats, yet weaker than aliens. 2. Limited party size. It gets tiring always being outnumbered, especially when you've got so many so-called friends out there. 3. The world is large, but the character you play is tiny on the screen -- what's going on here? 4. The last missions are too hard, with too little reward at the end of them.prediction:4
reviewText:In one word - Wow! This game is simply one of the best adventures I've across.  I've just finished playing the first two introductory chapters of Baldur's Gate, which is all that is available in my city. I'm in love with this game. This game provides the kind of classic adventuring experience I've always longed for in as many adventure games I've played so far. The wait ended with Baldur's Gate. Very many thanks to its developers.For how much ever I've played of it the game is simply superb. It reminded me a lot of previously played games like Diablo and one of my very first short time adventure game Dink Smallwood by RT Soft.What I find most interesting about this game are the variety of character classes allowed from which to select your character type and adding and removing team members. Sometimes deciding over this itself will take a lot of your time. The plot of the game looks great and its many twists n turns are quite shocking! Besides the main plot you also have many side quests. The graphics are very pretty and one look at the homes and Inn's cannot help but remind me of Dollhouses.I'm sure this game is a hot favorite with all adventure fans. 5 STARS!prediction:4
reviewText:Baldurs Gate redefines, and completes the lack of roleplaying games recently. I can't remember last time I played a good role playing game on my PC. I must say that games like Zelda, and other &quot;role playing&quot; games, are quite good. But for the hardcore experience of role playing, as true to real role playing as possible, you have to have a PC to make it work.Finally, the PC gets a game that IS hardcore role playing. Baldurs Gate is everything I want in a game within this genre, plus much more. I only wish that there were more games like this. For any role playing fan, I urge you to try this one out. It has lots of characters to get into depths with, many paths to take, although there is of course just one plot in the game. The music is breathtaking as well, which I think is very important to captivate the player.Not since Daggerfall has there been a game that captivates the player into it's world as much as Baldurs Gate, and still, Baldurs Gate does know it's limitations, unlike for instance Daggerfall.Baldurs Gate 2 is ok, but I recommend the first game most hearty. Because of its incredible music, wonderful story, compelling AD&amp;D style, and with the quality which no game that I can remember has.prediction:4
reviewText:This game demonstrates what happens when a design team are not jaded from experience, but full of passion and determination.The makers of Baldur's Gate got one under the radar by following their intuition and making a near perfect game of it's time. And yep, they changed the whole industry while they were at it.The game play is astonishingly compelling, especially after the first 4-5 hours of play while you are orienting yourself with the many possibilities of the interface.The thing about BG is that you can play it within an hour to a satisfactory level. But as you progress, you begin to realise that there is literally no end to the level of complexity with which you may approach the game. On top of all that, the interface of BG somehow manages to be much more simple than others and is a pleasure to interact with.Oddly, many reviews rave about this (and the sequel's) amazing story, but I beg to differ. There's nothing wrong with the story, it's very tastefully and cleverly done, but it's only just barely novel-worthy. The characters are terrific and there is a wonderful eccentricity about the whole adventure.The really astonishing thing about this game is the game-play design, level design and balancing and yes, to a large extent this is because of the AD&D; system that powers the game's concepts.Almost every battle requires thought - not that you are always in real danger, but if you don't stick to your strategies (and you will develop many) you will be in serious trouble. The balancing is extraordinary. You can actually sense that every battle (even the toughest) is winnable, but that you need to position players a certain way, or equip them a certain way, or use the right spell - and you'll get there - it's all completely logical and flawless. What's more, you are confident that there are many different ways to get through each battle, each entertaining in it's own right. In BG, the game lets you play - the system is unerringly consistent and the keys to winning the big battles all make sense when they click in your mind. The interface and balancing never let you down.The infinity engine now has been around for ever (since 1998), but damned if it isn't the most satisfying CRPG interface still in existence. Quick access to everything for 6 characters at a time - it's really something.The graphics are also ancient, but they are just so charming - beautifully hand painted backgrounds and moody lighting on the interiors with bucket loads of atmosphere. It never gets old. Sometimes it's hard to put your finger on why the art direction of one product is superior to another but Baldur's Gate was done with such artistry and class, it still shames a lot of modern competition.Graphics have improved and will continue to, as will path finding, CPU grunt and everything else that should make games better. But Baldur's Gate is still the most authentic and playable RPG experience. It doesn't hold your hand, it doesn't force you down a path - it just let's you genuinely role play at whatever level of complexity you like - and whichever level you choose, it rewards you.Baldur's Gate is genuinely deserving of it's classic status and if the CRPG market rewards us with another game this immaculately entertaining, it will be a day for celebration.prediction:4
reviewText:One of the things that always made D&amp;D annoying for me to play was that the GM could rarely be completely cold and fair in regards to die rolls.  sometimes the GM would pick a favorite class or a favorite PC and  they'd always come out better than others.  Well, in Baldur's Gate the GM  is the computer so everything is fair and impartial.On the singleplayer  aspect the game is fun.  You can be whatever type of person you want to be  and do whatever you want.  You can be a noble paladin ot a scoundrel  thief... it's up to you.  As you progress through the game you gain  experience and abilities and learn more and more about why people are  hunting you.On multiplayer it can be fun if you have the right group.  The story is the same as it is in singleplayer except one member of your  party is the main character while the rest of the group are backups.  If  you have a group with enough imagination you can have a game that lives up  to any tabletop D&amp;D game.In actual gameplay, a lot of what you do is  travel from place to place and quest.  Sometimes you encounter people who  want to talk to you and sometimes you run into a pack of monsters to kill.  The interface reminds me a bit of Diablo, but the games are not clones of  each other, I assure you.Although the game is slightly buggy that  cleared right up with a patch.  I also like the ability to customize your  character portraits and sounds, it makes the roleplaying aspect all the  more real.prediction:4
reviewText:Baldur's Gate is the best AD&amp;D game to come around in a while, but it drove me absolutely insane for the first few hours.  Why?  Because in the beginning, there are quite a few people who want you dead...including a few  powerful (at least at THAT point) wizards.  At low levels, a guy can walk  up to you, say &quot;Okay, I'm going to kill you now,&quot; and quite  suddenly knock you out in 1-2 hits.  After a while though, you'll get into  it.  Man, you have to watch yourself in this game, because there is are  deceptive people in *every town!*  Lots of characters walk up to you asking  for help, and end up being villains!  To wrap it up, it's a keeper.  (especially the bundled version w/the expansion pack) but don't get  discouraged at the beginning, because that's the hardest part.  Once you  get by that, you'll have a good game with lots of side quests and  longitivity.prediction:4
reviewText:this game is great because of many reasons, the main one being that you totally get pulled into the game and the characters on your team or &quot;party&quot; feel like real because all of them have a unique character, agenda, and background. furthermore, almost everyone you meet has something original to say to you. Of course after a while they will repeat. The game has a wide choice of install size too, from a huge 2 and a-litlle-bit gigabytes which will lower the loading times o a relatively small 317 mb which will make the game's load times long. The game is extremely long and can take from 1 to 5 and more days(depends on your skills, how often you save and whether you only do the main quest or if you do some or all of the subquests) The game is difficult on any difficulty level unless you follow the exact reccomended routes and not wander off to, you know, adventure. But if you save often, get the best armor and weapons for our characters, keep a lot fo potions with you and pause to think out your tactical moves, you should find the game extremely addictive and very fun! if you like Ad&amp;D or if you really like rpg's, you will love this game. If you are new to the genre this will get you in the game and keep you in. If you aren't a fan of rpg's this is a good game to start with. If you want to try computer games, this might be a wee bit hard, unless you have playd AD&amp;D.prediction:4
reviewText:After having first played through Knights of the Old Republic and Jade Empire, I thought to check out some of Bioware's older releases and the Baldur's Gate series seemed to be the most widely regarded. My love for RPG's usually extended toward JRPG's (Final Fantasy, Xenogears etc), as I criticized many Western efforts (with good reason mind you) with bland  characters and uninteresting plots. However, upon downloading a playable demo of Baldur's Gate II, my opinion was quickly shattered. Impressed with the great voice acting, wonderfully addictive combat (combat is usually my least favorite part of RPG's), well-developed atmosphere and the promise of over a hundred hours of game play, I Immediately ordered the beast...and boy what a beast of an RPG; Hundreds of quests, characters, and an incredibly epic scope, I went on to discover the other Infinity engine games like Planescape Torment and Icewind Dale.Playing the original Baldur's Gate game after having played through BG: Shadows of Amn and its expansion, my experience with this title was somewhat jarring. The characters aren't quite as well-developed as the sequel, and the overall package is not as well polished...however surprisingly, this did not detract too much from my enjoyment with Baldur's Gate (I havn't yet finished the game however).  It's basically the same game with minor differences in game play, with only one that affected my enjoyment (going into your inventory during combat does not pause the game, so your characters can be killed while equipping items and such, a small but notable annoyance). Also, sometimes NPCs will recommend I destroy the EVIL ONE in such-and-such-town, when in fact I've already done so. A minor issue with the over all polish, but none of these issues should really keep people from playing this wonderful game (and series). If you are new to Baldur's Gate and are trying to get into the series, I recommend you start out with this title, that way when you go through Baldur's Gate II and its expansion, you are pleasantly surprised with those games' superior amount of polish; not to mention certain characters and events will be more meaningful to you.The Bad:- Game will not pause during combat if you go into your inventory.- Some may be turned off by the graphics (but IMO I enjoy these 2D games' visuals more than bland, poorly done 3D engines (like Neverwinter Nights). Besides, the amount of detail is impressive...especially in the sequels.The Good:- Fun and addicting gameplay; deep combat and many dungeons to plunder.- Great character-creation and many colorful companions to aid you on your quest.- Hours upon hours of play add up to a really epic experience.- Wonderful score (even better than BG:II's in some spots).- Excellent usage of the D&D; license, which portrays the Forgotten Realms setting very convincingly.prediction:4
reviewText:I played this game when it came out, and it astounded me. The flowers, the butterflies, the music, the story, the gameplay, were all astonishing. Baldur's Gate is still one of the greatest games of all time. It works just fine on computers that aren't brand new, and an internet fan base is constantly updating it. I wouldn't recommend this game for anyone under 12 or so; there's some real darkness here. There's also humor and, of course, magic. Like many RPGs (and unlike, say, Doom or Grand Theft Auto), it will appeal to women and girls. Save the world, make friends, find yourself, collect neat stuff, and kick some [tail] --what's not to love?prediction:4
reviewText:I have to admit I have never played the pen and paper version of D&amp;D, but be that as it may, I still found this game to be a very enjoyable, humorous, exciting and interesting RPG adventure.  I have been playing RPG games for a long time now, and I can say that this game hands down is in the top ten I have ever played.  And if you get the expansion pack that is also available, it will be even better!prediction:4
reviewText:While yes, this game is very dated, and the graphics leave something to be desired in this day and age, it has always held a special place in my heart. My brother had it when he was little, and every time I got a chance I would play it. When I got older (okay, yes, I was eighteen), and had a PS2 in my room, I knew I had to get a copy for nostalgia's sake.The plot of the game is the same as the movie, with some new locations added; there are even clips from the movie interspersed throughout the gameplay. Woody has been stolen by Al, the scheming toy collector, and now Buzz and friends have to get him back for Andy. You take on the role of Buzz and move around the neighborhood trying to find Woody, while completing tasks for different familiar characters from the films.The main objective in each level is to gain Pizza Planet tokens, which allow you to advance to further levels. You do this by completing the aforementioned tasks. In every level there are five tokens to be collected total; you must defeat a boss, collect five of something (sheep, green Army men, etc), complete a speed challenge, find 50 coins for Hamm, and a mystery challenge (ex: in the Construction Yard you must mix the paint colors in the correct combinations.) Additionally, in some levels, Mr. Potato Head has lost a part of his body, and if you can find it and return it to him he will let you use a special gadget, such as a grappling hook and hover boots.The levels, despite the old school grahpics, are still filled with all kinds of neat details, and as mentioned above you get to play through some interesting areas, such as Al's penthouse apartment and the neighborhood around Andy's house.I will admit that some parts would be harder for younger players. Now, I beat it around age twelve with no problems, including collecting most of the Pizza Planet tokens. And unless you are a very patient child, I forsee a lot of kids handing the controller over to their parents during the last level, where you must face off against three tough bosses at once. Admittedly, my brother and I were both always exceptionally good at video games for our age. But so long as you're willing to help your children through some of the tougher parts, I don't see any reason why your child shouldn't play this game.Kids these days, in my opinion, are too spoiled by HD graphics. I love them as much as the next tech nerd, but if your child is going to play video games, I say make 'em work their way up the ladder.prediction:4
reviewText:This isnt the classic frogger, this is the 3D version, it's the one where in the starting menu there are blocks, each block is a different level, and each block has 5 levels (at least most of them) each increasing in difficulty, once you press on a block, you have to find 5 frogs blue red purple orange and green with the occasional golden frog. This game is awesome and i bought it for the playstation since i used to play this when i was a kid and idk what happened to the game. I play it on my ps2 and i love it. this is honestly my most favorite frogger. its frustrating at times but it is too addicting to let go, i just keep telling myself, "ill get it this time", best frogger hands downprediction:4
reviewText:To hard for me to surpass but the disc works well, and the case is in good condition. Maybe one day i can beat it!prediction:4
reviewText:It's an old game from 98' but always fun to play because the fight is never always the same. One of those cool rainy day games.Also, you can be the bad guy or team if you feel like being the evil doer. Create your own episode or join a campaign. You cancreate multiple vehicles if you want to bum rush your apponent mob deep, or take them on single handed or just a few vehicles.Very space age and futuristic fun. And the vehicles, which you can leave the one your in for another one that is on your team,are all fun and exciting to drive. Also, there is multiplayer where the game experience changes in a fun way. You and your friendscan play capture the flag or attack each other in a time setting to see who can destroy each other as many times as possible. Inmultiplayer, you can also select to battle on different planets such as pluto, mars, and even saturn to name a few. Also the weaponschange to your choice of chemical warfare to rockets, cannons, and a vast array of others. There's also cheat codes. If youpress control alt and the button on the left of the number one and under the escape button, in that order, you'll get a dropdown screen. Type:gamecheat. bzradar and then press Enter. Do the same for the following:. tnt. body. view. free  Notice the space after you type gamecheat and the dot. If you don't do this, it won't except it.To get out of the drop screen, press control, alt and the button next to the one and below your escape key. I highly recommend the codesto really enjoy the game experience and to stay alive until you get to know the game and what you are doing. Otherwise it can be frustrating.prediction:4
reviewText:Although Warcraft 3 and its expansion have come out within the last few years, I still prefer Warcraft 2 a bit more. Yes the game looks kinda dated now, but it is still a blast to play. The game was fun in that it never got too complicated or anything so that newcomers could always have a good time. The map editor was easy to use and the online play in the Battle.net edition will keep you busy for a while. Anyways, if you've only played Warcraft 3 then it might be difficult for you to enjoy this game since it is so old, but if your willing to look past the graphics then you'll find a real gem.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is completely live action.  You are a young ensign whose father  was killed by the Borg ten years previous and now finds himself having to  sit in the sidelines as the borg attack again.  Suddenly Q shows up and  offers you a chance for revenge... and a chance to save your father.If  you play it through and don't make any mistakes you have the equivelant of  a 20 minute Star Trek episode that takes you around the various spots in a  starship to deep inside a Borg cube.  The game has a great cast of  characters (although the only 'known' one from the series is Q himself) and  some really thought proviking puzzles.  Plus as a side bonus you have a  special tricorder that you can use at just about any point in the game to  find out about things and people and the history of the area and crew you  exist with.There is a downside though, firstly for a point and click  game the controls can still be very difficult.  There was one point where  you had to push a button on a phaser but the durned camera wouldn't hold  still long enough for me to manage it.  Plus if you click the mouse too  quickly the game will get confused and nothing will happen (something that  happened to me quite often).Although not a huge classic, I thought this  was a great diversion from the usual fare of shooters.  Consider it to be a  long lost episode of Star Trek with you as the hero!prediction:4
reviewText:I bought one of these back when the N64 was still a modern console, and I just bought another one on Amazon. Obviously, I think this product is pretty adequate since I bought two of them. But here's some additional detail:Pros: The bundle comes with both a rumble pak and a controller pak (or memory card). How cool is that? If you're buying stuff off of Amazon, it saves you about four dollars in shipping fees. What's better is how cheap the Tremor Pak Plus is now. If you snoop around, you can get this bundle new for the price you'd pay for a either individual product by itself!As for the actual rumbling, it works pretty awesomely. I've tried it out on Perfect Dark and Madden 99 so far. It's got high and low settings. True N64 players use high for maximum vibration! :)The memory card is the same size as the controller pak Nintendo originally made. Alas, it is not bundled with some of the larger memory cards that InterAct produced. But most games will easily fit onto the 123-page card.Cons: The Tremor Pak Plus is both larger and heavier than the Rumble Pak produced by Nintendo, not to mention the original Tremor Pak produced by InterAct. This is because it has an additional slot to stick a memory card into the Tremor Pak. Presumably, InterAct thought people would like it, since it allowed them to use a controller pak and a rumble pak at the same time. Nice thought on their part, but the original Tremor Pak is, as a consequence, much sleeker and even more desirable than this improved version.In summation, I sort of wish Interact had just given us a bundle with the original Tremor Pak and a 123-page memory card, as opposed to this bulky contraption with a slot. Even so, I'd totally recommend this bundle to anyone whose interested in the gracefully aged console that is the N64.prediction:4
reviewText:Suikoden II is surprisingly one of the last classic 2-Dimensional JRPGsto hit a home console. As such, at the time of it's release not too manypeople gave it much attention. As time has passed though, many peoplehave come to experience this game for themselves and see just how greatit is. I happen to be one of those people who did not experience the gameuntil much later after its release. Despite this, Suikoden II has enteredthe ranks of my favorite games of all time due to its sheer quality andimpeccable style for a 2-Dimensional JRPG. (If you're wondering how in thehell I could say this game has impeccable style, just take a close look atyour party in battle and you'll see what I'm talking about)Graphics aside, this game has a lot to offer as far as gameplay is concerned.One of the highlights of the Suikoden series in general is the fact thatthere are many different playable characters to choose from. This means that youare able to have a great amount of control over what team members assistyou in battle, and if you don't particularly like how a certain characterperforms in battle, you can simply swap them out for another character.With a battle party of six, you may at first feel a bit overwhelmed withhow many commands you have to input just to get your characters to attackthe enemies in battle, but this is negated pretty well with the Auto Battlefunction that you can select instead of individually inputting each character'sattack command. The nice thing about Auto Battle as well is that it only appliesitself for one turn, so if your characters become low in health after one turnof Auto-Battling, you can go ahead during the next turn and command your healerto heal your party without having to worry about the battle continuously progressing.This may seem like a minor point to mention, but it makes all of the differencewhen you are fighting monsters that can do heavy damage to your party.To me personally, and I'd assume to many others who have played this game as well,Suikoden II starts to become especially fun when your party acquires the castle thatthey use as their Headquarters. This Castle is essentially your central basein which your party plans their next objectives, and more importantly whereyou are able to rest, supply your team, and change out your team members.At first your castle starts out relatively small with only a few residents anda simple melody playing in the background, but as you recruit more members yourcastle will become bigger and bigger, and new shops can even be added dependingon which characters you recruit.Speaking of recruiting, Suikoden II's plot relies heavily on the fact that youare the leader of a relatively new army. As such, your army doesn't start outvery big, and you must recruit more members to grow in size. This is where anotherbig gameplay element comes into play. Throughout the world (or I should say continent)there are various characters who you can recruit into your army. Many of thesecharacters can be used in battle, but some of them can't as well. The characterswho cannot be used in battle usually setup residence in your castle and provideyour army with important services such as an armor shop, a rune shop, and even ablacksmith. These characters are possibly the most important to recruit, as they makelife a hell of a lot easier since they are essentially shops tucked right into yourcastle. With all the possible 108 characters recruited, (some of these 108 join automatically,so it's more around 80-90 that you can recruit) your castle essentially becomes theprime place to prepare for battle and stock up on equipment. A few of the charactersyou can recruit provide you with optional minigames as well, making your castle aplace to relax as well.Something quick to note is that the game features three distinct types of battles:-The first is the standard 6-on-X turn-based battles that occur the most frequently.-The second (and a personal favorite) is the duel battles, which involves your characterfacing an opponent one-on-one in a duel until one of the two has their health bar reach 0.-Last but not least are the war battles, which appear at first to be in the form of astrategy-RPG with grid and all. After some time however, it becomes apparent that thesebattles don't require too much strategy to win, but they still add to the game nonetheless.As far as story goes, I will keep this brief as to keep it relatively unspoiled.The plot involves the main character Riou as he overcomes the trials and tribulationsof being rejected by his homeland, which has become a land ruled by a madman whothirsts for power and cares very little about the lives of people in general.(If this sounds vague and hard to understand, then good! I'd hate to spoil the plotbecause it is very well written and worth experiencing in full for yourself.)Overall, the plotline of the game really hooked me the first time I played the game,and the writing of the characters and story are very well done and believable.Musically, this game is quite fantastic. If you have ever played the first Suikoden,the composer for that game, Miki Higashino, has returned yet again to provide a stellarmusical score for the sequel. Everything from the world map themes to the town themessound great, and they are even nice to listen to when you're not playing the game.The opening theme and name entry theme in particular have a very epic feeling to them thatdoes an impeccable job of getting you pumped up to play the game. This is a greatthing because that means that the game starts out with a bang as far as music is concerned,and it certainly doesn't stop until the end!As much as I'd like to say that this game is flawless, all great things come with a crutch.For Suikoden II however, this crutch ironically happened as a result of what I can onlyassume was a semi-rushed localization and not the result of an error on the creator's behalf.You see, Suikoden II is missing a few things. The things that Suikoden II is missing unfortunatelyincludes music and dialog.First off, the translation of the game seems a tad sloppy.It's nothing major usually, such as a minor typo or grammatical error in the script.At a few points during the game however, during an important scene in particular, a characterwill speak in garbled text, which I'm not exactly sure how it happened but it could beassumed that these lines were never translated to begin with. It doesn't happen all toooften mind you, but it is important to note that it does exist within the game, which is ashame.The second thing is something that I personally am disappointed by, which is thefact that some of the songs in the game are entirely missing. During the localization ofthe game, something must have happened that made some of the music not play when it wassupposed to. This is most evident during many of the war battles, which happen to besilent when a song should be playing in the background. It's unfortunate to me to seethat some music didn't play in the game, but all in all it is something that I canget over in the end, and many themes in the game still do play.As you can probably tell by now, I love Suikoden II, and if you gave it a shot, I'd evenwager that you would at the very least like it as well. You may not find it to be asspectacular as I did, especially if you aren't very keen on Japanese RPGs. But ifyou happen to be a JRPG nut like I am, I can guarantee you that this game does notdisappoint. The gameplay, music, story, and art that is contained within this gemcombine to create an exceptionally well done RPG that remains a classic to this day.prediction:4
reviewText:This game fetches for hundreds of dollars nowadays, but with that said, this is a pretty good game. You have a plot that interconnects with 108 different characters that can be recruited at their perspective times, but unless you are a completionist, you will be extremely disappointed in the ending you will get. Now, whether or not you want to spend $100 on this is entirely up to you. I spent it, and I felt I somewhat got my money's worth, but at the same time, a little disappointed that I spent this much on a game, but oh well, there is worse, like $400 for Panzer Dragoon Saga. Anyways, just like with any other Suikoden entry, you can go to war with the kingdom whom the main character is opposing with, and use all kinds of tactics in battle that will determine your fate. The story is pretty solid, and the character development is also quite solid as well, and you have a lot of lush, beautiful environments to traverse through, with a world map. Overall, this game is good, but be prepared to drop a fraction of your wallet if you want this.prediction:4
reviewText:Easily the best RPG I have ever played. Graphics are not the best, but the battle system, immersive storyline, great music, detailed cities, and unique characterizations are phenomenal. Unlike many future RPG's, the load times for Suikoden 2 are very short, most likely due to the substandard graphics. If you can get over the graphics, the rest of the gameplay is incredible. The plot is unforgettable, and collecting the 108 stars of destiny is challenging and fun. Many side-quests, secrets, and player choices make this RPG one of my favorites to this day. Suikoden 2 is a classic.prediction:4
reviewText:When I look back now at when I bought this game, as well as several other great games, I can't remember exactly what inspired me to buy it. What I do know is why I kept it. Suikoden 2 is not only the best game in the suikoden series, it's also one of the greatest role playing games to ever grace the market. The story is rich and immersive, the characters memorable and iconic, and the battle system is classical perfection.The game puts you in control of one of the two main characters who, although they are best friends, have opposing destinies. When their own country betrays them for an excuse to go to war, the two start on a path to try and find their place in the world, trapped between the home that betrayed them and their sworn enemies.A lot happens during the course of the story, not unlike the drastic changes that would take place during a war. Yet the story never stretches itself thin. It keeps you interested in every step up to the final confrontation. The game also takes advantage of genius war tactics, that were used in actual campaigns in history, as part of the story.There are also the customary 108 characters that are collected through out the game. Some are support characters that will add functions to your army and dimensions to your base castle, and most of them are playable characters that you can use in battle. Each of the characters, even if shortly introduced, are memorable and full of dimensions that are sometimes established with only a few short sentences. Even in such situations, the characters are rich with life making this perhaps the best cast in any suikoden game. Each character is animated in an anime-esque style, which makes sense it being a japanese game. Even if you are not a fan of the style of art it is the perfect face for the game when you see it all together.The battle system in the game is traditional RPG turn based format. But they use the turn based system to perfection. There are six characters on screen, 3 in the front row 3 in the back. Characters in front can attack freely but characters in the back row can only attack if they have long range weapons, such as a bow. Characters that share some kind of history, or know similar fighting styles, can team up to do combined special moves. These moves range from being simply entertaining to completely devastating. Charactes who can't attack from the back row can still function as fighters if they have a combo attack with another character. This adds a well rounded strategic element to the set up of a conventional group, since characters with combo attacks usually need to be in the same row or in the same column to perfom their attacks.I have beaten this role playing game multiple times and still find it just as entertaining as the first day i picked it up. It is truly a gilded great, and that's not just a funny phrase. Anyone who has looked for this game in recent years has probably found it ranging from $55 to $250! I will certainly say, I am grateful I never sold this game, and if you ever obtain it, you will not be disappointed.prediction:4
reviewText:Suikoden 3 does not suck, however compared to Suikoden 1 and 2, it is not that great. I remember playing 1 again for the 108 stars of destiny, then playing 2 for the 108 stars of destiny, and after doing it, I realized how terrific of a game this is.Suikoden 1 and it feel extremely alike, you can still love the characters, and the relationship between Joey and Hero is tremendously powerful. Now, I didn't fully appreciate the ending until I got the good one. There are 3 different ones. One is lame, one is semi okay but sad slightly, and the best one is a tremendously great and happy ending, even sad to see it end so well.The game plays just like number 1, if you are query me about number 1 because you don't want to play it, shame on you. You should go find suikoden 1 somewhere and play that first, otherwise forget reading this review. Ok so you can meet up with alot of new characters, old ones, and there are new minigames. The castle is large, but easy to get around. It gets better and better as you get more guys and progress more. I loved the army chef battles, a parody off the iron chef show. The fighting was tremendously fun. With great runes that tell damage and healing factor, and great sprite animations.I really don't want to give anything away. There are different things you can do to make different outcomes, I would play it once without cheating, and then play it again with a faq to get the best ending. You can do different things sometimes that actually affect the outcome. You can even run away or back out of stuff.Mass battles are fun in this one. First game had awesome battles, but this one has extremely nice ones, that are fun, and slighlty addictive as you get more characters and new things to try out.Get the game, have fun with it. Enjoy the 2d suikoden games forever if you can.prediction:4
reviewText:Those out there who decide to play a game based solely on the hype it creates, no doubt know how cool The Final Fantasies and The Lunar series are.  But if you skipped over this one just because it did not create the Final fantasy type of hype prior to it's release, you missed something special.When I picked up Suikoden, it was a slow night, and just about everything else I wanted to rent was out.  When I first played it, I was slightly ambivolent in my decision as to whether or not It was a cool game.  The opening intro, with it's soulful choir, gripping and excellently composed music, and great still pics of the games scenes and cast, blow's away almost every tune in the final fantasy audio library.  Heck, Andrew Loyed Webber or John Williams would be hard pressed to do better.  But upon entering the game, things seemed to be... only average.  Though the story was good, and the dialouge was well written, and there were powerful and very funny scenes early on, it lacked Final fantasy's epic atmosphere.  Also, the opening is the games audio highlight.  Don't expect it to get any better then that.  But what Suikoden II lacks in atmosphere, it makes up for in substance.  The charachter's are written in such a way that even the most fantastic and unreal scenarios seem believable.  From Luca Blight's savagery and cruelty, to Shu's strategic brilliance, to Jowry's desparate measures that he takes to protect those he loves, every moment is very believable and real.Also helping the game is the number of secrets and sidequests that there are.  It's here that Suikoden shines, there are limitless quests, charachter's, mini-games, and hidden items for you to find and do.  Giving the Game Unrivaled depthThis game is a heavy hitter.  There's no doubt about that, but I liked the final fantasies better.  They just have a way of grabbing you by the heart strings that Suikoden Rarely achives.  It's still one of the most awesome Rpg's out there, and I do reccommend it to anyone who's already completed Chrono Cross or Final fantasy IX.  With a little more tweaking, Suikoden III will be able to hang with those big RPG bad boyz.prediction:4
reviewText:There is a reason many(like me)consider this game to be the best psx,nay,best game ever.In fact there are many reasons.One reason is the incredible story.The story is phenominal.You play as Solid Snake infaltrating a base in Alaska.Your mission is to save to very important hostages and destroy the most dangerous weapon on Earth,Metal Gear.The voice actors are fantastic.Nothing short of superb.The story is loaded with wise sayings,interesting characters,humor(a little),romance,sadness,and fear.Another reason is the fantastic gameplay.The stealth is something innovative and welcome.You really shouldn't shoot everyone(no matter how tempting)because they will call for back-up and most likely kill you.Weapons are fun to use and items help make it easier to go along.The A.I. is superb.Each character has a field of vision and if caught they will call for back-up and you will a) die or b)run and hide.I never knew PSX A.I. could be so advanced.The graphics are good by today's standards.But back wen this game came out no detail was spared.This game may be loved wide-spread but in my opinion not the right choice for everyone.Thanks for reading!prediction:4
reviewText:The Metal Gear Solid series is one of the greatest series of video games ever made and this is where it all started.From the story, to the graphics, and to the music and settings, this game will amaze you. The production values and quality of this game are tremendous.And the gameplay?Brilliant! As those Guiness guys would say...The key to this game is stealth and not all out running and gunning. If you fight upwards of two guys at a time, you will die. Its pretty much that simple.But to help you in your stealth mission is a boatload of cool gadgets that would make James Bond blush. You got silenced handguns and machine guns. Thermal goggles. Night vision goggles. Mine detectors. And the simple yet fun cardboard boxes.Every item in this game has its own special and unique uses from ketchup to cigarettes.And the best part of this game are the boss battles. Each boss is truly unique, memorable, and a joy to fight. You will have a blast from Psycho Mantis to the Ninja to the climatic battle vs the towering Metal Gear.This game was voted as the greatest Playstation game of all time by both IGN and Gamespot and for good reason. It is simply one of the best games ever made and already a timeless classic.prediction:4
reviewText:Really well crafted. Like a movie, but longer, more fun and exciting. Games like this will change entertainment. You must play this through at least once.prediction:4
reviewText:MGS is one of the best games made for the playstation system, there are not many people who would disagree with that. Not only does the game of an enthralling plotline, great characters, and wonderful weapons, but the controls are easy and fun to use.The game is smooth to play, making it easy to switch from item to item, without breaking a sweat. The story that goes along with this game, has enough twists and turns to go with a hollywood movie. Just when you think you know what is going on, something else happens and throws the story in a totally different direction. That is what makes the game so good, the graphics could be worse than they are, and this game would still be amazing.The bosses are challening, and the weapons are helpful to your quest. Whether it is your motion sensing mines, or your c-4, which you can plant almost anywhere (if you are really careful, you can even plant it on the back of guards, and detonate!), there are also many automatic, and semi-automatic to make the game more fun. You can blow away a bad guy with a missle launcher, or you can quietly sneak up and use your sniper rifle to take them out. Anyway you fight, this game is definately a fun and exciting adventure, a definate must!prediction:4
reviewText:I had never heard of this game until I purchased a copy of Zone of Enders for the PS2.  And after doing some reading about the game on the internet and playing the Metal Gear Solid: Sons of Liberty demo, I decided to check out the PS1 Metal Gear game.  To simply put it, this game is the best game I have played to date.  I found this game to be much better than Oni for the PS2 in fact.  The puzzle and bosses on this game were very different and possessed depth of character.  Some parts of the game were frustrating particularly fighting Metal Gear Rex at the end of th game, also the torture scene was pretty hard too.  But I can't wait to see Metal Gear Solid: Sons of Liberty come out this year.  I know it will be one of the best and highest selling games of all time regardless of the videogame platform.  This is definitely an innovative and original game that sets new standards for others of this type.  Buy it and you will see what I am talking about.prediction:4
reviewText:Ah yes, the legendary Metal Gear Solid series. It was originally a classic on the MSX2 computer in Japan, but the series became really good when it debuted on the PlayStation. Developed and published by Konami with Hideo Kojima being the director and producer, this was the first game in the series to become very popular. The games ground breaking graphics, addicting gameplay, challenging stealth action and its amazing storyline heavily influenced games that would later produce well detailed story lines. It was originally released on PlayStation, but would be re-released on the PlayStation Store as a PS One Classic, a remake on the GameCube and there was even a port on Game Boy Color which apparently got good reviews (I find that hard to believe, I&#8217;ll have to check that out some day).The storyline is the most complex and most detailed of any video game that was released at that point. There are tons of cut scenes, character dialogues and we didn&#8217;t see a game like this back then. The story takes place in 2005, about six years after the events of Metal Gear 2: Solid Snake and 10 years after the events of the first Metal Gear. A genetically enhanced Special Forces unit called FOXHOUND has invaded a nuclear weapons disposal facility on Shadow Moses island in Alaska&#8217;s Fox Archipelago. The forces demand that the U.S. government turn over the remains of Big Boss within 24 hours or they will launch a nuclear weapon. Big Boss was the main antagonist in the first two Metal Gear games who is one of the greatest soldiers who ever lived. The terrorists want the body so they can take his genes and put them inside the soldiers so they can become an army of super soldiers and take over the world. The main hero Solid Snake is forced out of retirement and is sent to go to the island and stop the threat. I won&#8217;t say anything else about the story because my reviews are always spoiler free, you have to play the game to see it for yourself.Like with Super Mario 64 and The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time on Nintendo 64, Metal Gear Solid was making a leap into the third dimension and the graphics for their time were very well detailed and the game has aged pretty well. Details such as seeing the characters breath in the cold, very high draw distance, seeing smoke from cigarettes or footprints in the snow is all in this game. The gameplay is very similar to the 2D Metal Gear games on the MSX2 computer. The game is all about sneaking by without detection rather than a straight on shooter, but there are moments where you do go in all guns blazing, but it&#8217;s mostly a sneaking mission because going in guns blazing makes the game much harder. I like stealth games like this because it makes us cautious and can even be scary at times because everything is quiet and suddenly a security camera or guard spots you, the alarm goes off and you&#8217;re slightly startled and have to hide and hope they don&#8217;t find you.The most innovative feature in the game is the radar which shows the terrain and your enemy&#8217;s field of vision. It&#8217;s very useful and you&#8217;ll see yourself looking at it all the time. But in some areas, the radar gets jammed and you won&#8217;t be able to use the radar if you are spotted so you shouldn&#8217;t get too used to it. Ways to get by undetected include crawling under objects, hiding in boxes, hiding behind walls and making noise to distract the enemy. The game also includes many gadgets and items such as infra-red goggles, night vision goggles, mine detectors, rations, binoculars, the famous cardboard box and&#8230;cigarettes?The weapons include hand to hand, you can choke your enemies to death, use a standard pistol with a silencer, grenades, C4, machine gun, proximity mines, a remote controlled missile launcher, a sniper rifle and even a Stinger missile launcher which uses heat seekers to follow your target.The boss battles are very epic and every one of them has a strategy to defeat and it&#8217;s always best to use your radio to contact your support crew for tips on how to defeat them. The radio is also used to provide info about the games back story and even the controls.The game also features a training mode called VR Mode where you can practice hiding techniques, weapon use and sneaking. This is one of the best games on the original PlayStation and the only flaw I see with this game is that you can&#8217;t aim in first person view mode which can make it difficult to shoot some of the enemies. But other than that, the game is practically flawless, it has great graphics, is challenging and one of the most detailed story lines of all time. It is simply a masterpiece and a must play for any kind of gamer.FINAL RATING: 10 out of 10prediction:4
reviewText:When I heard there was to be a Metal Gear game released on the Playstation, I was happy.  I had been a long time fan of the series from the very first game on the NES and even through the crappy Snake's Revenge.  I didn't know if that next generation of gamers would know anything about the series, but I was hoping for a good game.  My expectations were surpassed beyond anything I could have hoped for.  Not only was Metal Gear Solid a good game, it was a great game.  Metal Gear Solid is one of the best games (if not the best game) on the Playstation and it should take its place as one of the top games of all time.While previous Metal Gear games had suggested that stealth was the way to go, and other games had used the concept, I had never seen stealth developed as well as it was in Metal Gear Solid.  It was not only a good idea, it was the only way to go.  You needed to avoid enemies (as best you could) to be able to make it through the game.  When you killed an enemy, you had to do it in a way that nobody saw you or heard you.  Metal Gear Solid is called a Tactical Espionage game, and it means just that.  You are a spy and spies should not be seen or heard.Like the other Metal Gear games, you play as Solid Snake (now the legendary Solid Snake).  It is your mission to infiltrate the Shadow Moses Island in Alaska, rescue a hostage and see what is going on.  From the moment that you begin the game, what you know is being tested and your place in the story is being escalated quickly.  You are handed a lot of information about the plot and the reasons behind everything.  This game has some very memorable scenes and memorable enemies.  Overall, this is one of the best games on the system and I would recommend it to anybody.prediction:4
reviewText:This is my best game. If you looked at my Resident Evil 3 review youll see why this is the best. But this game has everything i ever imaganed. Good Graphics, Cool weapons, a man with courage, and some lovely ladies... lol just kidding. But your snake a official that worked for fox hound and you have been chased by roy camball so he can brief you on your mission that you well refuse to do. So he tells you to rescue some people and than start your mission. You will run into alot of people and lots of calls on your codec. One of your friends though is your deadly brother.... I wont give his name away. But this game has over 10 weapons and over 29 different items. You get to spy on people and surprise them by killing them. Youll want to play this game agian and agian. Its the best game for the playstation game console.prediction:4
reviewText:In light of PS3 releasing an update that will allow upscaling of PS1 and PS2 games to 1080p, I feel compelled to revisit some of the games that made me a solid sony fan. MGS is one of those games that comes along once every console, where the developers, producers and screen writers all seem to be on the same page, and create a master-piece. This game was revolutionary, in the sense that it focused more on the concept of espionage, rather than the usual "run n gun." I played this game back in 1998, when it was first released, and have been following the game ever since. This game made my jaw drop with the graphics it pushed out of the ps1, and the storyline is amazing. Theres love, hate, plot twists, dual endings and so much more that combine to make this game great. One thing I remember is the battle with Psycho Mantis; (a crazy military psychic)who knew every move you were going to do before you did it. At one point he tells you to "put the controller down to see his true power" and with a hardy yell, my controller vibrated right off the coffee table! Of course it was the rumble feature, but how unique is that? We were all tripped out on the greatness of this game, and the intelligence put into the storyline. This game is by far the best game on the ps1, and if you havent played it yet, now its not too late. Get it, play it, and then buy the others for the PS2, Metal Gear -Sons of Liberty and Metal Gear- Snake Eater. If you got a PS3 be on the look out for Guns of the Patriots coming out on March 1 2008, its going to be amazing.prediction:4
reviewText:Finally Sanitarium has been re-released in a jewel case packaging ..., I could get it after so many years of looking. Beware, it does not run on XP, but it runs very well on 98/Me. The story is very intriguing and captivating. Puzzles are fairly simple, the interface is excellent with graphics and sound effects perfect. This game is a real gem, worth every penny.prediction:4
reviewText:Most adventure games do not lure you in to such a haunting story with such detail and innovativeness as this one.  Others I've played, while good are more light-hearted such as the King's Quest series. Others go for laughs like Day of the Tentacle or Sam And Max Hit The Road. But this game not only skillfully delivers a chilling psychological horror, it sprinkles in gimmicks that I have not seen before in this type of game.The story literally begins in an insane asylum. You wake up, your head wrapped in bandages with no knowledge as to your identity nor why you are there. Your only clues are the inmates that gibber and bang their head against the wall and sometimes cluck like a chicken.  You slowly begin to unravel the strands of a plot, but then are catapulted into an entirely new story altogether it seems.Sanitarium throughout brings you in and out of &quot;consciousness&quot;, traveling to different landscapes , sometimes in different bodies, and yet th ewhole thing flows very cohesively. I must admit the ending was a little disappointing and predictable but it did not spoil the fun.Some of the new features include the direct-X like feel where you see a building, you enter it, and the side of the wall disappears to reveal the room you step into beyond. THis trick is very ingeneous in packing in all the areas and objects to investigate although on one of the chapters, I had a little trouble with it at one point.As with all good adventures, it made me want to rush home from work to spend another evening figuring out difficult puzzles, wading through the compelling story, and guessing just what suprise would come next...despite my reluctance to discover just where this strange little story would take me next.prediction:4
reviewText:What a weird game this is. It had been gathering dust in my closet for at least a year untill I sort of felt in the mood for playing it. This was because the content seemed a bit bloody, but most of all because the controls seemed annoying. You have to move your character by holding the right mousebutton all the time, and that doesn't relieve you of any slumbering RSI.But what a challenging and hauntingly beautiful game this turned out to be! The puzzles are very well integrated into the story, but it is foremost the story itself that earns the five stars. You have to wander through several worlds that are so very, very weird they will stretch your imagination to the limit. The plot unfolds itself nicely, and will keep surprising you.Some of the worlds (or dreams, or visions, or whatever) took getting used to, but how rewarding it all was. The story will keep you awake, and follow you in months to come after you've finished Sanitarium.On the graphics side, well, they are a bit outdated, but they are still eyecandy. An amazing colourpalette is used, it just looks great. The cutscenes are black and white, just in keep with the atmosphere of the game.And there's the humour. This game had me laughing out loud many times, quite a feat sonsidering the gory content of the game. Although gory, well, it's not for the fainthearted. Imagine having to push a corpse in an oven to be able to solve a puzzle... But is is always done with wit.Sanitarium is a masterpiece, both in concept and in content. It ranks right up there with my other alltime favourits like Myst, Riven, Journeyman Project 3 and Beyond Atlantis.prediction:4
reviewText:Unreal Tournament is a game where you, blow guts up! You pick from lots of different species and skins! There is different cool kinds of gameplay in it! There is Tournament Deathmatch, Tournament Team Deathmatch, Domination, Assision, Capture The Flag, or Last Man Standing, all have like at least 10 different maps to play. Tournament Deathmatch, Tournament Team Deathmatch, and Last Man Standing is all the same maps. Tournament Deathmatch-Basically, blow anyone up that is standing! Tournament Team Deathmatch-You play 4 teams, Green, Blue, Red, and Gold, blow up the other team! Domination-You have to teams, Red and Blue, and you try to get 3 different places, and if you get 1 plus what ever you put deaths on, you win. Asission- Two teams, one defending a base, or a object, one trying to destory it. If you can do it, then the other team gets the same time as you, and face off. -Capter the flag, two teams, red and blue and trying to get the other team's flag, but it's hard because it's way back in the other base, try to survive, almost imposible. So many points of getting the flag to your base, and you win! Last Man Standing-you get every weapon but two, and try to kill each other, you get a certain number of lives that you choose. You also get 200 live!All that plus 13 different weapons!~Chainsaw-You only get this if you check, "Chainsaw Melee" and you can rip other peoples head off!~Translocater-You need to check "Translocater" to get this, you basically teleport, and if you teleport really close to someone, you can kill them by, "Telefraggin' them!~Impact Hammer-No ammo, you always have this, if you go by someone with this, you can shoot guts everywhere!~Enforcer-Like a hand gun, you start out with this gun and 30 ammo.~Biosluge Gun-You take a gun, and use toxic sluge to kill people, warning, it can kill you too!~ASMD Shock Rifle-You use a eletrick shock rifle to kill people!~Pulse Gun-Like ASMD Shock Rifle, but more shooting, more ammo, and it's green not blue shooting.~Ripper-A gun take shoots razor blades out!~Minigun-A gun that is very weak, but shoots out like 50 bullets in 2 seconds!~Flak Cannon-Lots of little, or one big yellow shock ball hits you, does huge damage.~Rocket Loncher-Shot out lots of rocket with this rocket loncher!~Sniper Rifle-Get a closer view on this! Shoot the head, it "pops" out!~Redeemer-A super-rocket loncher, shoots out 1 mini nuclear bomb!Now, how could you resist this, plus you can go online and play, make or download maps, skins, and get version 436!Grapics/Looking Animation, great job on this one! 10/10Fun, what can't be fun about this game?! 10/10Gameplay/Movieplay, it lasts a long time. 9.5/10Sound, I don't like the music that much. 4/10Overall, you NEED to get this game! 9/10 which is awesome on my scale, and a big 5 stars at amazon.com!prediction:4
reviewText:Have you heard enough about which one is better, Quake III or UT? I know I have. So what do you get, out of the box, when you invest in UT? Its a winner, I tell you that right away. Lets see ... 10 cool weapons, each  with two attack modes to keep it all a tad more interesting than just point  and shoot. You may actually end up developing something resembling a  personal style with these. Especially interesting is the Translocator,  which in addition to being a nice transportation device allows you to beam  yourself right into your opponents carcasses&Ntilde;effectively ripping them  asunder, of course. Clean me up Scotty!If you arent all that crazy  about online games, UT does live up to its claim of being a killer  single-player experience: the bots, boring as they look (except for the  very goth Necris, I think), will keep you entertained and on your toes. The  AI is purty adroit: true, bots dont play like human players, but these  digital playpals get close. They use all weapons and gadgets very  efficiently, go everywhere you go (no cozy endless sniping here), and I  SWEAR that during one Capture-the-Flag game I was ambushed by one waiting  right outside my home base as I rushed after the enemy flag bearer, who had  cleverly activated his personal shield specifically for this maneuver.  Doh!If you do get bored, you can still tweak just about every aspect  of the game from individual bot intelligence, behavior and weapons  preferences to special mutators for the matches (Want sniper rifles only?  No problem). UT boasts 50 maps, a lot of which are simply breathtaking&Ntilde;Ill  never forget the first time I was standing on the dizzying height of a  space station tower with Jupiter filling the sky and its moons wheeling  around above my head. You may even catch the occasional shooting star (no,  really&Ntilde;just before that nasty sniper feels that youve been standing in one  place long enough). Imagine fighting on board a spaceship zipping through  hyperspace ... or a galleon on moonlit seas ... or in an Egyptian tomb ....  whoa dude!UT adds two new game concepts to the traditional menu: in  Domination you and your team (the bots, by the way, are very responsive  during team play, too) need to hold a number of designated control points  as long as possible in order to win, and in Assault you actually have a  number of&Ntilde;naturally destructive&Ntilde;mission objectives to fulfil  (e.g. storm  the facility, take out gizmo A to get to gizmo B and blow that up too),  after which the tables turn and your team takes the defending side.Oh,  and one thing (and my only Quake III - UT comparison): the bots in UT talk  their acknowledgements, comments, and taunts, and theyre pretty  nasty&Ntilde;quite unlike the witty and urbane remarks of the Quake bots you see  printed on the screen. You might get provoked into anger and violence,  burning to shove their smart  quips back down their throats. You dont mind  that, do you?But you may want to put on the headphones while your kids  are around ... or your parents.prediction:4
reviewText:Another multiplayer FPS, UT offers modes ranging from f-f-a blast fests to team based combat missions. This game has something for everyone, including tutorial levels for those just starting out. Excellent graphics and top-notch production value round-out this gem, but it is definitley not for the under 12 group. this game has a whopping 50 levels and 4 ways to play:Deathmatch,(my personal favorite)Assault,Domination,and Capture-the-Flag.It is backed by aweb site that hosts a bevy of online tournaments (hence the name,DUH!!)and offers patches,tips,and chat with other gamers.If you haven't played it yet I sugggest you try it and kiss that thing you used to have called a social life good-bye.prediction:4
reviewText:Being a big Wot fan, I couldn't wait for this game came out. But I only had a 386 PC! Then I got a much better PC, which left me with nearly nothing moneywise. Or I simply couldn't find the game. So I downloaded the demo--as one person said here, the demo is a horrible representation of the game, I'll take their word for it. But from what I did play, I was most impressed at first, playing it often, then there was a several-month period when I didn't play that game at all. The architecture is FANTASTIC in this game. Not exactly how I visualized it in the books, but pretty close. Multiplayer is Okay, but not great. The battle system, I think, is kinda clunky. When you need a certain ter-angreal right NOW it's hard to get to it without accidentally skipping over it. There isn't much of a variety of bad guys from what I've seen. Where's the Draghkar? Myrddraal? Darkhounds? Gray Men? etc. The atmosphere is nice in this game, though. Very dark at times. I'll probably still buy this game--hence the 3 stars. But if you want my real opinion, I feel that Robert Jordan's Wot series should be made by SQUARESOFT (the company that makes the Final Fantasy series). Squaresoft has EXPERIENCE with RPG's and if anyone could do justice to RJ's masterpiece, Squaresoft can. Like many of you have said, there isn't much of a quest element in this game. Anyway, I don't know about you, but I'm going to e-mail Squaresoft now and see if I can convince them to make something that will be what this game should have been.prediction:4
reviewText:Although I felt it wasn't extremely compelling, each mission had a voiced briefing that indicated the changing situation even if it wasn't necessarily clear that this was a shifting galactic-scale conflict. The fact that the only battlefield not held firmly by the enemy is where you are coming from is part of the issue, but it was enough to make sense of the two-sided galactic war with generous suspense of disbelief.Story: 6.5/10Total Annihilation was not a surpassingly impressive game in its heyday, and now it shows its age. However, it can be played relatively easily on most machines and you can still find plenty of mods that up-scale units (besides adding more, raising unit limits, etc). The interface is gritty but mostly straightforward, and an in-game list of all keyboard shortcuts as well as the ability to modify most of them to suit your tastes helped.Graphics: 6/10Going back to re-play a skirmish surprised me with the staying power of the effects. Many of the sounds are underwhelming, but are logically tied to weapons that aren't that outstanding and hence it makes sense. Explosions, especially from nukes, are underwhelming, and the 'lightning bolt' weapons don't have much of a zap sound, but mortars sound fitting enough.Sound: 6/10Many games end up being muted so I can listen to the playlist on my computer, but Total Annihilation actually has a decent score and it will automatically change depending on whether you're building up or in the thick of combat. Unfortunately, there's only a few tracks, so you'll end up cutting the music sooner or later to listen to your own tunes.Music: 6.5/10Total Annihilation has a rabidly loyal fanbase, and real-time-strategy gamers should know why: even though both sides are almost exactly the same, almost all equipment mirrored if just with a different name and coat of paint, but the focus on either applied attrition or maneuver warfare makes for games with a much more powerful sense of speed, activity, and clashing titans of armies, navies, and what aircraft exist. Resources are also dealt with on a per-second instead of blank-unit-cost basis, allowing you to intentionally overstretch your metal or energy for a critical push when games like Command & Conquer or Warcraft make you wait until you're ready to build the whole kit. Being able to make absurdly long queues also removes a lot of the difficulty of micro-management, besides AI that you can tweak for precisely the aggressiveness you want starting from the factory or on each unit you select.Gameplay: 9/10While it's a lot of fun to go through, slightly less-so with many of the campaign missions, even though the variance of multiplayer with humans helps, eventually you realize that both sides are identical. Creating new units is possible, but not easy and the fan-base is drying up judging by the plethora of inactive websites.Replayability: 5/10The physics engine is more thorough that even the "spiritual successor" Supreme Commander - if aircraft aren't careful, a determined squadron of tanks can shoot down brawler gunships, and doing things like pounding an entrenched beach with a flotilla of frigates and battleships has intensity only matched by Warship Gunner. The variety of strategic warfare will take a while to grow stale, this game is a staple of the genre and no RTS fan should go without having played at least once.Overall: 8/10prediction:4
reviewText:Since I first bought this game, I've gone through three computers - a PII, a PIII, and a P4. Now I'm still playing this classic on my dual-core, and its just as fun as ever.I don't care if the graphics don't wow me, or if the score is old and familiar like the Marx Brothers' "Duck Soup", or if the sound effects were designed for a SoundBlaster in 1998, the game is FUN.This is a rare RTS that can accomodate any general's strategy. You can focus on air power, artillery, tank rushes, infantry rushes, naval bombardment, airdrops... you name it, you can do it.C&C; Generals has a "strategy center" that allows you to "hold the line" or "bombard" or "search and destroy". But Total Annihilation does it better, and without spending 2,500 credits building a "Strategy Center".Seriously, this game is great if you just want to kill half an hour, or if you need an all-night gaming session.prediction:4
reviewText:Rating: APerhaps it was with Resident Evil that horror games began to rear their ugly head (pun intended), but it was here that psychological tension and true horror was established on the Playstation, as few can argue the tension and suspense this game, and all of the games in the series exhibit in terms of just staying with you long after you've put down the controller, and have crawled into bed for what you might have hoped to be a nice night of sleep. Although part two trounces this game in nearly every category, this game still stands the test of time, as one of the defining games on Playstation 1, as where RE reinvented horror, Silent Hill turned it on its head, and bludgeoned it with a rusty screwdriver, making you wonder where in the hell the creators for this game got their ideas in the first place. Basically the story in a nutshell revolves around Harry Mason, as he drives by the town of Silent Hill late one night, with his daughter Cheryl. Upon seeing a motorcycle cop pass him, it is only moments later, where he once again sees her bike again; but turned over on the side of the road. Upon looking back up a girl is standing in the middle of the road, Harry swerves to avoid hitting her, and the next time he awakens, he finds Cheryl gone, his jeep destroyed, and he is in a town encircled with mist and filled with dead ends that lead to nowhere in particular. Picking up mellee objects and guns along the way, Harry fights through hordes of demons (or are they really demons?) to find his daughter, and try to save her from the hellish town of Silent Hill. From a church to a school, and all the way to a hospital, and a mall, few places are left unturned in Harrys search for his missing daughter, as the mangled pieces of ths puzzle fall into place, the storyline becomes more and more disjointed until the bizarre final battle in Nowhere. A note to those that might play through the game, and be caught off guard by the seemingly strange storyline, that never seems to come together completely, play Silent Hill 3 to get the true conclusion of this games storyline, or simply head on over to GameFaqs.com and check out any of the storyline weavers over there, they are written impeccably well, and help to bridge the gap where you might be left wondering exactly what the hell is going on. Although the games battle system is a bit awkward, Silent Hill is more about atmosphere and storyline, which it exhibits in spades all throughout the whole series (once again part 2 being the pinnacle). If you enjoy this game, check out Jacob's Ladder, an excellent and disturbing movie, that hugely inspired this game and the series in general, this will also help you get a feel for the whole disjointed reality, nightmare scenarios present thorughout the whole series. All I can say to conclude this article is wait til these guys make a game on the upcoming generation of systems, as truly these crators are geniuses, that have mastered the craft of game making to an art form, and their works give you the same kind of horror and awe as looking at Francis Bacon painting, as we wonder just what the hell is beyond the abyss, awaiting us in the inner sanctums of our own dilapidated imagination, and dreams. Enjoy.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a game for the PS1 system. It's got underwhelming graphics considering todays standards, but its incredibly immersive, as good as the best horror movies or books, everything about the game oozes atmosphere and style.The game play, especially the movement is a little clunky though the emphasis is not on fast paced action so that is never and issue. The objective of the game is to go through a "haunted" town looking for a missing little girl while slowly discovering the back story of the town of silent hill. The puzzles are interesting and logical, never too difficult or too weird, though the game will seem a little little railroaded and constrained (since some sections of the town are off limits at the beginning you will be following a set course throughout the game) this is due to the nature of the eerie and slowly unfolding story. overall a great experience, better than a horror movie anyhow!Silent Hill 2 will later top this story wise and become the best game in the series, though this magic first experience will remain the most intense!prediction:4
reviewText:Venturing into the wells of my memory, I have found this item stored within a cubicle of dusty thought, where long nights of fantastical imagery filled my pupils and my sight.I know it's a bit of an oldy but I just had to review it. Being an addicted gamer to this genre of games, when I first came upon Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver I was warped and enmeshed within this amazing game and it's engrossing story-line.You haven't played it yet? To further expand your vision of when I played this game, I'll let you know that I played it on my Sega Dreamcast. What!? Yes, it was millenia ago (in gaming console time, since they come and go so quickly!).The main character is a vampire-turned-wraith called Raziel, lieutenant to the vampire lord Kain. Raziel is betrayed by his master as he tears his wings and casts him into the Lake of Death, and as his body is consumed The Elder God spares his soul to become his minion--his soul reaver--to pursue his personal vendetta.The game is amazing visually--at least it was 12 years ago. The vampire-wraith is a gory bastard as he devours the souls of those who he viciously assassinates.The story takes place in a world called Nosgoth, where the health of the land is tied to the Nine Pillars of Nosgoth, each pillar in turn is represented by a guardian. Before the Soul Reaver was created, the guardians became corrupt and Kain slew them one by one, not knowing that he was the last pillar of them, refusing to sacrifice himself for the well-being of the land. This promoted the decay of Nosgoth and to ruin the world, Kain created an army of vampires among which Raziel was generated. The humans have been decimated and the vampire tribes have claimed the world of Nosgoth. Despair and inglorious demise has coupled peace with a blinding and silent fury.Thrilling plot and amazing game-play. As Raziel, you must solve a load of mysteries and puzzles to finally attain revenge.If you can get this game and play it, it's highly recommended. You'll be entrapped within the walls of its accursed game-play... addictive.prediction:4
reviewText:Thief The Dark Project by Looking glass studios is an FPS game,No it is not a fist person shooter it is a first person sneaker,You have to sneak through the levels undetected.Thief is an orginal game and the very first sneaker game.Thief has a great storyline,One of the best stories ever told in a computer game.You play garrett a masterthief.The game is very tense and very very dark,As you play you will find yourself sitting closer and closer to the monitor screen.While playing it is better that you runaway if you get noticed by the gaurds instead of challenging them to a duel,because Garrett is not a very strong guy and the gaurds are not weaklings to fall down with a couple of blows.And when you lie down on the floor or hide in a dark corner of the place the gaurds wouldnt notice you.You need to solve the objectives without killing anyone but thats what makes the game so enjoyable.The objectives of the game are very hard in one level you need to follow the gaurds through the city streets without them noticing you.Thief has 12 mission but they are very large and will take you long to complete,It has a training mission too even that is very scary and fun to play.The level design is fantastic,You need to sneak arround and explore Posh mansion,Haunted mine,Well gaurded prison,Ancient ruins,Haunted cathedrals ect.Thief's graphics are not that great but more than enough for the fantastic gameplay,The sound recording is excellent infact the sound is the most important for the gameplay.The villans in blood are really scarry,the skull faced hammer haunts are the most scary villans in a computer game,It moves very fast impossible to outrun and very hard to kill,If one of them spots you then you are finished,You will know when you see play return to the haunted cathedral.My favorite is &quot;Return to the cathedral&quot;,It is the most scary level in the game.The AI is very good,The gaurds are smart and they react very well to every little sound.Thief has great weapons,The bow and arrow is the most realistic weapon in a computer game, The blackjack is my favorite weapons,Almost all (human AI only) mission can be completed with just the blackjack weapon.The voice acting in thief is fantastic,One of the best ever in a computer game,Stephan Russell who did the voice for Garrett has done a fantastic job,Surprisingly he did the voice for many other charecters in the game and one cant belive it is the same guy. The game is a must-have for any FPS or RPG game lovers,Thief The Dark project is one of the best first person shooter game and an important part in Fps history.prediction:4
reviewText:I'd say it's actually 3 and 1/2 stars but they don't have that option so whatever. When I first played Everquest I was an extreme newbie. I had never played a MMORPG (Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game). It took me awhile to get used to it. Like a month or 2 maybe. Everquest is not very newbie friendly but once you get the hang of things it can be your best friend or your worst enemy. It can result in you dancing around the room and cheering in happiness having gotten your epic weapon after months of doing those massive quests. Or it can have you slamming your head against the keyboard as you get ready for another CR (corpse run as it's called in game) after dying once more and losing experience. However, I made GREAT friends playing Everquest, you can join unions of players called guilds and I still talk with some I met today (I recently stopped playing). EQ is extremely addicting, in other words if you're a husband than prepare to invest in large amounts of flowers and other gifts for your wife for neglecting her for several months.The game is great fun though, but you need to watch your standing with the many different factions in the game. Killing a certain thing may give you good standing with some factions, but bad with others. There is a complex in game economy, including a zone called the Bazaar where more than 300 players can be found at any different time selling thousands of different items. I liked to go to that zone and stare at all the cool armor and weapons and stuff lol. The customer support people are all very nice. There's even a volunteer customer support program called the Guide Program for those over 18. I spent a couple of months in it before quitting EverQuest (had been playing for about two and a half years). The game can get boring however. Endless hours of camping (killing monsters and waiting for them to respawn to kill them again) can be tedious, especially if you keep dying. However, expansion packs keep the flow going with new zones, quests, items, and playable races and classes. The variety of classes and races in EverQuest includes classes such as Warrior, Wizard, Shadowknight, and Druid. As well as races such as Barbarian, Wood Elf, Troll, Human, and Dwarf. Sometimes you'll hear arguments being shouted in a zone and they sometimes can get nasty, that's what the Guides are there for, to handle those issues and issue warnings to offending players. But parents should keep in mind that this is an online game with real people and kids sometimes may hear things they're not supposed to hear.But, all in all this is a good game and I recommend it for it's fun value and the aspect of making good friends like I did.prediction:4
reviewText:I decided to re-evaluate DAIKATANA and I found I very ambitious game with a lot of features and some crazy AI. Yes, this was a much over-hyped game when it was released and it did have a lot of bugs in it, but what PC games released nowadys don't have any bugs that require a patch?There is plenty of action in DAIKATANA and a variety a weapons. Some nice levels, but it all could have been better.Ok, the good things about DAIKATANA. If you can make it to the Greek levels and the Norway levels, you'll be treated to some of the most stunning level designs ever in a game. The Greek levels in particular are quite stunning, almost beautiful. Plus the weapons in these levels are definately different from your standard FPS fare. In fact the Daikatana itself becomes the most powerful weapon in the game if you get it up in levels. DAIKATANA really tried to be different. There are a number of RPG elements in the game and this was a welcome change in the FPS realm. John Romero really had a great idea in mind for this game and I'll give him credit there.Now the bad things about DAIKATANA. The much talked about sidekick AI. Yes, even I ran into this problem right away. There is a patch available that does make a difference. I suggest to download it after you install DAIKATANA. The first episode is just frustratingly bad. There is some truly garish level designs here as well in the final episode 4 in San Francisco. Also, I set this game on normal mode and it is SO HARD! Even in Easy mode, I died almost immediatly in the beginning of the game! This a bad thing in FPS games. The first few levels should be a cakewalk to build up your confidence to continue on. But not DAIKATANA. It is tough from the get go even on easy mode! This game took 4 years to make and it was over-hyped.Even after the fact, this game should have been better.  If you are curious enough to buy DAIKATANA, get the Prima games Strategy book. You'll need it.prediction:4
reviewText:I absolutely love this game, I am still playing through it as I write this and will be sad once I am done with the game. I don't understand all the harsh remarks I am reading in other reviews, but the this game is an excellent choice if you are looking for an all around superior FPS type game to play.  The storyline is totally engrossing and compelling and the graphics old engine or not are the some of the most beautifully done I've seen to date, in some levels even breathtaking.  I hope those of you who are reading these reviews won't take any of the harsh ones to heart without first playing Daikatana and seeing how awesome it is.  I can't say enough about it.  I loved it and gave it all 5 stars for superior gameplay, graphics and storyline.  A truly incredible game... Daikatana Rocks!prediction:4
reviewText:Originally attracted by the box, which you've got to admit is one of the best-looking around, I'd been thinking of buying Revenant for ages but considered it vastly overpriced (unlike Black Isle games, which seem to drop in price by at least half when they've been out for a remarkably short while).  Recent lower pricing (along with the long wait for the release of Baldur's Gate 2) saw me grabbing a copy, loading it up and setting off on a short, but immensely enjoyable quest. It turned out to be a great time filler.In the single player mode, your character is Locke D'Averam, dead for 10,000 years but because of unique skills, brought back onto the mortal coil to rescue the kidnapped daughter of the head honcho of Misthaven, the main town on the island of Ahkuilon, by a mysterious magician with (surprise, surprise!) his own agenda.  During his quest, aspects of Locke's past gradually reveal themselves and his visions start making sense by the end.  Sounds like a poor man's "Planescape: Torment", you might think, but since nothing can compare to that epic, forget it and judge it on it's own merits.Likened by many to Diablo, this game is superior in that it actually has a reasonably compelling storyline (though badly voice acted) and the combat system is not your average hack'n'slash - you learn new battle techniques from the master as you advance.  The use of a game pad is strongly recommended, though I survived all the combat encounters by pounding the hell out of my keyboard while moving about with the mouse.  The scenery is beautifully rendered (the lighting is a real feature), and animation of Locke and his enemies is superb, though a tad repetitious - like the giant spiders getting stuck on the sword and having to be removed with obvious difficulty (hilarious the first time), the death gurgles of the ninja guys got old very quickly.This is the only game I've played lately where you can carry everything you find - there don't seem to be any weight limits and there are millions of slots, especially once you have a few pouches which you really need to negotiate the huge inventory you end up with (I had about 10 full suits of armour at the end - I was too scared to sell any in case I needed their special properties).  Even though the armourer and weapon smith promise bigger and better equipment, you actually find the best stuff during the quest, though you need to buy some stuff to start off with.  Unlike many other games, except at the very beginning, I always had enough cash to buy any potions, etc. that I needed.  In fact, at the (rather abrupt) end, I had about 60 unused potions of various sorts, and about $100,000.  Also, your character is usually strong enough and well enough equipped to survive most encounters pretty easily.  I found the fact that he wasn't constantly being killed quite refreshing.  None of the puzzles were too taxing, though I had to redo one level for the want of one vial.Even though the price was reduced, it was still fractionally more than I paid for Planescape: Torment, or for that matter, Baldur's Gate, each of which provided rich and stimulating entertainment for a couple of months.  I spent exactly a week getting to the end of Revenant, and since I'd been having such fun, I was totally unprepared for it.  Remember how disappointing the end of Diablo was?  Ditto for Revenant - the final encounter was quite easy for my impressively armoured, well-armed and richly provisioned character and the whole thing was quickly wrapped up in a movie sequence.  It left me feeling the story was only half told and that the developers just suddenly decided to get it to some sort of conclusion and out in the shops, while they got on with something else.  I wish they'd just gone on with the next chapter - despite any shortcomings mentioned above, I thoroughly enjoyed it!  This is the game to play when you're half concentrating on something else - in my case, LIVE coverage of the Sydney Olympics.prediction:4
reviewText:After playing Heroes of Might and Magic 2 for years I was excited about Heroes 3. But, after I got the game I thought it was just Heroes 2 all over again. All that was really done to the game was add several creature, take away a few creatures, mix the towns up a little, and slap better graphics on it. Though I must admit that it was just as fun (and pehaps even more fun) than Heroes 2. One of the greatest things about this game is the plot and story (much better than Heroes 2.) If you're thinking of buying this game, and don't have Heroes 2, then know that it can be very addicting. If you do have Heroes 2 then only buy this game if you want better graphics and a few new creatures then go ahead and get it.prediction:4
reviewText:I've always loved the Might & Magic series and this one is no exception. I love first person, turn-based-party games. I have been dumb enough to periodically waste money on some of the various third person games out there like Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights, but I hate third person and cannot get into it at all. Might & Magic does not have that problem.This game, along with MM-6 and MM-8 are pretty much in the same format with a few tweaks. That is fine with me. I have become so engrossed it them that I have played all three of them at least three times each. There is no other game that even comes close.Despite the crudeness factor, I love the graphics. The spell system is just right, and I don't mind all the monster bashing. The story kept me engaged each time I played, even knowing the outcome the second and third time around.I just wish someone would continue the series in the same format with maybe 3-D graphics but the same game play and all the rest. I give a hats off to the Might & Magic Tribute people who are doing it on their own, since no company seems interested in doing it.Highly recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:After three incredibly successful games in the form of Tomb Raider, Tomb Raider 2 and Tomb Raider 3, Lara Croft returned in November 1999 with Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. The previous two games didn't really live up to the title of 'Tomb Raider' as there weren't many tombs involved at all, but The Last Revelation takes advantage of its trademark name by putting Lara back into the tombs - where she belongs! This was the third Tomb Raider game I bought, after Tomb Raider and Tomb Raider 2, and I have to say it is one of the most exciting and enjoyable games I have ever played. The Offical PlayStation Magazine says, "10/10 - An atmospheric, beautiful, wonderfully crafted game". And you know what? They're absolutely right...The story of The Last Revelation is very intricate - gripping, without being too unbelievable. While exploring Egypt, Lara discovers the lost tomb of the Ancient Egyptian God, Set. He was outwitted and imprisoned in a secret tomb, and warns that he will one day return to seek vengance. Lara unwittingly unleashes its ancient evil, fulfilling the prophecy that threatens to plunge mankind into eternal darkness! In a race against time, Lara must use all her wit and skill to re-imprison Set to save the world from unspeakable evil and Armageddon! The Last Revelation begins with a flashback level from the 1980's when Lara was 16 on her first exploration in Angkor Wat, Cambodia. She is led around by her mentor, Werner Von Croy. This is really just a training level that teaches new Tomb Raider players the ropes on how to control Lara. After this, the game really begins - in the present day. We learn that on their escape from the tomb in Cambodia, Lara left Von Croy to die after the tomb began to collapse around her. It's not long, however, until we find out that Mr Von Croy is indeed alive and well, and on the look out for Lara to get revenge! The game is split into six different sections; Training Levels, Recovering the Amulet of Horus, Discovering the Truth, The Search for the Armor, The Search for Jean-Pierre and The Final Conflict. This game has been giving a rating of 11+, but I think it should be at least a 15+ because the graphics are much better than the first two games, making everything look more life like. I admit that some of the levels on this game, especially towards the end scared me to death! I used to sit there with both eyes squinted, scrwaming my head off as the sweat used to pour from my hands...pretty sad when you think about it now! Despite this, the levels are amazingly intricate and full of life and colour - much more detailed than any of the games in the series. Since the game is set entirely in Egypt, you get a real feel to what life is like over there and almost become part of the game. This game took me nine months to complete (December 1999-September 2000) and I have to say that I enjoyed every second of it! Lara has a variety of new features and you also have to go back and forth between levels to find a particular object that will open the door to the finale. The cut-scenes that run through the entire game to tell the story are absolutely mind-blowing. The graphics are brilliant - it's just like watching a film...and Lara's boobs seem to get bigger as the series goes along! The last level truly is one of the greatest, most spectacular levels in video gaming history which involves a confrontation with the God Set! In the final cut-scene of the game, Lara is seen exiting the crumbling tomb to find Von Croy at the entrance. Emotion takes over and he puts out his hand, but it's too late. The tomb collapses with Lara still inside. This really was a tense moment for Tomb Raider fanatics as they were left wondering if this was it for Lara, if there favourite compuiter game series was over for good. They need not have worried as Tomb Raider: Chronicles and Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Angel Of Darkness followed!OVERALL GRADE: 10/10All in all, Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a must-have game for Tomb Raider fans and for anyone who enjoys computer games in general. But be warned, this game requires a lot of time, effort and determination. If you want to get everything right on the first time, you're best off not buying this game because you'll just hate it. Yet for people who want an exciting, suspenseful, thrilling, action-packed blockbuster of a video game, Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is the game for you! Buy it now from Amazon!prediction:4
reviewText:This is a great and very, very, hard game but I beat it in one year. It as cool level's like the city of the dead and one big tomb. You go out and buy the game to know what I am talking about.You get to have all type's of gun's and so on.THE WEAPON'S ARE:crossbowrevolvershotgunuzisand combine accessoriesExplore tombs as a teenage Lara Croft.Discovering her roots as an adventurer.The level's are longer and biger than before and any other tomb raider game that I play before.  GOOD LUCK ON THE GAME YOU ARE GOING TO NEED IT. HAVE FUN.prediction:4
reviewText:This just came out for the Playstation Network and I purchased it and played it for the first time. I'm really blown away at just how beautiful it is. The scale of these levels is massive. This is much different from the current Tomb Raider games. There are tons of places to explore. You can almost get almost get lost. But it's also easier than the Tomb Raider games that came before it. There is less switch pulling or block pushing which is fine by me. This is probably my second or third favorite Tomb Raider game for the Playstation 1.prediction:4
reviewText:I played this game years ago on the playstation console and absolutely loved it. Now i have a ps2 and bought Fear Effect after all this time; I have no regrets. The storyline is well plotted and the game play is challenging, smooth, entertaining and makes you think therefore this game is not for the weak minded, impatient gamer. The fear meter is a much welcomed attribute which adds a bit of reality and challenge as opposed to the traditional health bar and the ability to play with 3 different characters throughout the plot makes it a fascinating journey.I label Fear effect as a game only a true gamer can appreciate, so if you are all about quick play, easy gaming and have little ability or desire to use a bit of brain power then this game is not for you but if you're up for challenges, are patient and possess appreciation for this type of experience then its definitely a good buy.prediction:4
reviewText:It can get very &quot;stupid&quot; at times, but, there is a lot of fun in the game and many funny parts in it as well. Females might get &quot;offended&quot; by some of the dateing parts in the game, but please remember its only a game ok, even if the game is a bit &quot;pigish&quot;. Very good cartoon graphics.prediction:4
reviewText:Folks, this is *THE* GTA my generation grew up with not the cheesy 3D versions that exist today. While I do not dismiss the greatness that comes with 3D, the 2D bird's eye view was a great experience at the time and even today. The game was pure fun with little decadence compared to the modern installments.The PC version is much better though but do not get it from Steam if you own an old PC equipped with a 3Dfx accelerator because the Steam version does not come with 3Dfx support!prediction:4
reviewText:Soul Reaver is fantastic, but only if you're the right type of gamer. If you enjoy the dramatic; this one's for you. If goofy is your thing; dont bother.SR boasts great graphics and equally great story, excellently interlaced cut scenes and voice overs, satisfying achievment levels, and absolutely wicked atmosphere. In fact, you might say it simply OOOZES atmosphere. Dark, ominous...vengful, atmosphere.The only con of SR is its almost total adbandonment of classic big boss @$$ kicking. As most major opponents are invulnerable, the player must dicover his foes weakness. That, and several puzzle type situations that must be solved in order to progress may drive the player temporarily insane: But the game's drama content more than makes up for it.A word about the ending: It's a little dissapointing. -the rising drama towards the climax of the game is exceptional, but the whole thing ends in a 'to be continued' fashion. Rather disheartening after so much fantastic gameplay.Even so, this one is awesome. -Now Raziel, crawl up from the underworld, consume the souls of your brothers who cursed you, and the former master who cast you into the pit so long ago.....prediction:4
reviewText:I first picked up the game on a rainy day because I liked the cartoon characters on the front of it. It was a rental, but the next day I begged my parents to take me out so I could buy it.This game was absolutely amazing and still is to this day. Nothing can come close to that first experience in a new series so none of the newer Harvest Moon Games hit exactly that same cord, But I still mark this as one of the best games I have ever played.I loved the relationships, I loved the characters (the moody Karen who worked on the vineyard) Ann (or Amy that worked on the rival farm), the quiet girl (the one I chose to marry) who worked at the local library and was also the Mayor's daughter. And by the way, the Mayor is absolutely the most lovable character ever!I liked how there was always something to do, the pacing was just right so time didn't pass too fast or too slow, there was always new things happening around town (festivals, etc) and no day was the same rain, snow, maybe there would be a tornado, maybe someone would greet you at the front door and travel to the mountains with you, etc.The closest game I've played is Harvest Moon: Tree of Tranquility for Wii for anyone whos interested, but that one also has some faults.Overall if you haven't played this you are definitely missing out, and if you have played from this series before, you should try this one because it is a different and great game on its own, that still stands up to some of the "free-roam" do anything types of games that exist today.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is SOOOOOOOOOOOO awesome! It is one of the best games on the system. In this game you are a farmer, but you can also get married and have a child. You have to be a guy farmer, but it's still fun even if you're a girl. This is a great game for anyone!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is an absolute joy to play. The graphics may be very basic, the sound is lackluster, there are no control or set-up options, but it absolutely is one of the best games to come out this past holiday season. The premise is simple: Take over you departed Grandfather's farm and turn it into a flourishing establishment, and along the way woo one of several young local girls and make her your bride. With such a quirky and novel concept Harvest Moon is a breath of fresh air in the video game world, and proves that there is plenty of un-explored territory out there for game producers. Beyond the wonderful basic concept of the game, there are plenty of hidden items that add to the obsesive feeling you will achieve playing this game. It becomes more than just a enjoyable experience, it becomes an addiction. You will get as much joy from harvesting your crops as you will when your potential future bride begins returning your affection. Might I add that this is a game that ANYONE can play and enjoy, especially females who would not typically pick up a controler. I highly recommend this game.prediction:4
reviewText:I know that it seems unlikely that a game about farming would be fun. But Harvest Moon 64 is the most addictively entertaining game I have ever played, and I don't usually like RPGs.You play a young man whose grandfather has died and left him his run-down farm to revive. There are tons of chores to do, animals to raise, vegetables to harvest, people to visit, girls to marry, Spring Festivals, Horse Races, swimming contests and much much more. There's always money to make and things to buy that can improve your house, farm or love life.After 3 years, the man's parents come to rate how he's done, depending on how well the farm is doing. There are 4 seasons, each consisting of 30 days. There are 120 days in a Harvest Moon year, and around 5 minutes in each day. As the seasons change the events, vegetables, scenery and people's dialogues change as well. There are new events every year.One thing that is pretty amazing is that this game is entirely free of violence, blood, or action, yet it's fun for all ages. It's good for kids because it is peaceful and non-violent, and makes them use strategy and helps them calculate time. It's good for older people too because it is challenging and there are many surprises to keep you coming back for more. This game has a very high replay value, because each time you play it it is completely different (you can marry 5 different girls, and depending on which one you persue, the game changes a lot). The absense of action &amp; fighting makes it easier to concentrate on strategy. The graphics aren't great, but personally I don't mind-- the animals and people are really cute and chunky, and the controls are easy to master.I would recommend Harvest Moon 64 to people of all ages. It's addictive, challenging, and it makes something that looks pretty dull into a really, really fun game.prediction:4
reviewText:One of the best games I've ever played! Even through many years of gaming experience, this is on my top ten list. You run your own farm and face many suprises and challenges a real farmer might deal with. This game has no violence of any kind and is fun for even younger children just beginning their gaming careers. Not just this game, but the whole Harvest Moon series is worth your buy!!prediction:4
reviewText:I had this game a while ago. I loved it almost as much as I loved the SNES version. I liked being able to play a girl, and to get a cat, and I also liked that this was back when you could decently play the game and turn a good in-game profit WITHOUT the optional help of the sprites (all other HM recently, I've noticed you NEED them...I'd rather do the farming myself than pay a stupid lil sprite to do it)...but I was sorely disappointed that the marriage system is completely missing from this game.And thats not the worst of it...This is a 'real time' game, and after a while, either it decides you're not playing enough, or the time system just breaks...either way, unless you play it almost nonstop, it will start killing your plants and your livestock will mysteriously hate you.Its good fun while it lasts...but it doesn't last long enough to even win it.prediction:4
reviewText:Wow. There's lots more to this than meets the eye.  It takes you through different time periods, each one giving you new territories to explore.  I enjoyed it and the price is right.  Used a walkthrough, but also found a lot on my own to.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought this game because I had played it many years ago.  I was feeling nostalgic and thought I'd pick it up so I could play it again, but it ended up not being particularly fun.  The in-game camera is quite poor, making it hard to see where you're going at times, and the sound effects for the game are frequently annoying, and overly repetitive.Maybe I liked this as a kid, but after a number of years this game definitely does not hold up.prediction:4
reviewText:One of the very few Nintendo 64 games that I have ACTUALLY mastered.Rampage 2 is a fun game to play.First,you get a choice between six(6) different destructive creatures to go from city to city to smash&destroy buildings,vehicles and consume people.You get the option of 'saving' the game you're playing right at every five games.Starts out in Denver and you go through what I would guess like about 100 cities in the US,UK,Europe,Asia and Australia before hitting Area 51,the Moon and a couple dozen planets and asteroids.Note:the wolf moves the fastest while running through a city and the rhino seems to be the most ruthless.Also,if you hit the L button,the blue button and the Z button at the same time,you'll see that each creature puts out their own special fifteen second source of damage.Only downside of this game is it MAY be to easy for some.Recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:Rampage 2 is awesome.  It's more of the same from the orginal but moooore monsters.  I was up all night with this game, plus theres a twist..YOU HAVE TO SAVE THE MONSTERS FROM THE ORIGINAL IN ORDER TO EARN THEM!  Thats pretty friken awesome.  The 3 new memebers of your team are a krab dude a ryno dude and rat name Kurtus I think.  I don't remember there names because I played this game awhile ago.There is also another monsters thats and extra for the game.  I think the monsters name is Miyakis or something like that.WAY TO GO MIDWAY!  This was a great game.I hope they make another sequal in the future RAMPAGE 3 which takes place in iraq or something like that well that would be mean I guess if they do that...ALL IM SAYING IS THEY SHOULD MAKE ANOTHER SEQUAL!  It's bin to long.The sequal to the original is better if not just as good as the original.Over all this is an awesome game for any N64 player....Rampage 2 rules!Later..prediction:4
reviewText:Oh wow....I remember playing this colossal flaming pile of turd. A friend of mine rented this game from Blockbuster for a couple of days. And I wished we both could have taken back the time we wasted.They had great ideas for this game: You take Sub Zero from the Mortal Kombat series, use this opportunity to tell people more about his back story and his battle against monks, set it in cool locales and incorporate MK inspired game play and controls in an action adventure, side scroller with light RPG influences. What could possibly go wrong??? How about....EVERYTHING in this game.First off, Sub Zero walks and controls like a robot. Second, this game uses every button on the controller (you even have a separate button to hit when you want him to face the direction to walk!) Third, you unlock his special moves as you progress through the game and while many use the same directional pad + button combinations in Mortal Kombat, they are 100 times harder to pull off. The bosses are petty damn hard so expect to die a lot. The graphics and sound do their job in setting the mood for the game, while the music is standard MK and kung fu inspired theatrical sounding. The PS1 version features full motion cut-scenes between the stages you fight in while the N64 gets the standard static artwork.I give it two stars for the cool music and graphics for its time. But that alone will not make a great game. You may be tempted to pick this up if you love Mortal Kombat and the price is right. DON"T DO IT!! This is an example of how Midway had great ideas for this game but executed these great ideas very poorly.prediction:4
reviewText:MK finally comes into the 3D realm in this game. I only wish there were more characters, and I miss the animalities, babalities, brutalities, and friendships. But overall, it's good.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is da bomb!! Forget about Mortal Kombat Trilogy on the Nintendo 64. The Playstation version blows that one away! You get to pick more selectable fighters, including Goro, Kintaro, Motaro, Shao Kahn, Jax & Kung Lao from MK 2, and Raiden & Kano from MK 1. Plus, the sound fx and music are equivelant to the smash arcade hit. And speaking of the incredible soundtrack, you can even stick this disc into your CD player and actually listen to music from the game! In other words, MKT is both a video game and a music CD!!! Of course, this thing is loaded with plenty of blood and violence, but that should be a real treat for gore hounds. Diehard MK fans will definetly get their moneys worth. The options menu offers you some pretty cool stuff, including automatic combos! That's right, you can do combos simply by tapping one button! That rocks! The graphics & animation look pretty good for a 2-D game, and the controls and gameplay work together nicely. However, this game does have its cons. The game only has one cheat menu, which kind of s*cks. The one-button-fatalities mode messes up sometimes. The game itself freezes sometimes and you have to reset the game. If you have both a PS1 and a PS2, avoid playing this game on your PS2. Instead, play it on your PS1. This game messes up a lot when played on the PS2 console. I'm not sure why, but it plays good on the regular PS. All of the stage fatalities are here except for the Pit 2 fatality, but I can do without it. The bosses are incredibly hard to beat, unless you play as one of the bosses yourself. You can beat Shao Kahn best with Noob Saibot by shooting your ring at him and doing combos on him. The bosses don't have fatalities, but they sure are tough. The storyline on this game s*cks and doesn't go into detail like MK3 did. However, each character has their original tournament outcome when you beat the game, which is cool.  Other than that, this game is still da bomb! Straight & simple. If you're a diehard blood-thirsty MK fan, then get this freakin' game now. Otherwise, steer clear.prediction:4
reviewText:ALL THE FAVORITES FROM MORTAL KOMBAT 1-ULTIMATE MORTAL KOMBAT 3 ARE ALL HERE. THE GRAPHICS ARE FANTASTIC, THERE'S A LOTTA COOL CODES THAT'RE VERY USEFUL AND THAT MAKES THE GAME A LITTLE EASIER, AND THE FIGHTS ARE MORE FUN THAN THEY EVER WERE TO PLAY. AND, ALL OF THE BOSSES ARE, FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER, PLAYABLE CHARACTERS!! SO IF YOU WANTED TO PLAY AS SHAO KAHN, MOTARO, KINTARO, OR GORO, YOU FINALLY GET YOUR WISH WITH THIS INCREDIBLE GAME!!!! AND THERE'S SECRET CODES YOU CAN ENTER THAT'LL ENABLE YOU TO PERFORM FATALITIES WITH JUST 1 BUTTON, THERE'S A CODE TO PLAY AS CHAMELEON, THERE'S A CODE THAT ENABLES OLD MK 2 AND MK 1 CHARACTERS LIKE THE MK 1 RAIDEN, THE OLD MK 1 KATO, AND THE OLD MK 2 KUNG LAO. THIS IS THE ULTIMATE MORTAL KOMBAT GAME AND THIS IS THE GREATEST MK GAME EVER MADE!!!!! AFTER THIS AND MORTAL KOMBAT 4, THE MK GAMES WOULD NEVER BE GOOD AGAIN.prediction:4
reviewText:I did not own this game for Playstation, I owned it for PC. But they are exactly the same.After an upgrade past windows 95, this game never would work on my PC again. But I have thought about getting the Playstaion for this game (or a rom, shhhh)This game combined mortal kombat's 1, 2, 3 and another version, I forget the name into the one game. And that was a great move. Finally all the charactors where playable in the one game, even hidden charactors where findable like a cool charactor named Chameleon who was a ninja, but kept changing, he'd morph into scorpion, sub zero, reptile, rain ect...All the charactors where there. But not all the backgrounds where, a few where missing. What made this game the best was turning on one button fatality isntead of memorising thousand step codes that wouldnt always work. You's just go to the options menu and hold Up, and the block buttons or something and it would let you access a secret option menu where you could select the cool cheats. One button fatalitys was the best, you could press one button when it said finish to do the finisher 1, 2, freind shipm animality ect.. this is still my favorite MK game. I have rated it here because the N64 version sucked and was not a trilogy, it was MK3 with a few extra charactors.prediction:4
reviewText:PS1 owners looking for a great FPS experience shouldn't look any further than Final Doom which was released a few years back.  It's everything the original Doom was, only with new, bigger levels, a lot more enemies, and a lot tougher gameplay.  The only gripes that can be found is that Archville and Spider-Mastermind were not included in this conversion, but the smooth frame rate, gorgeous (for its time) graphics, and challenging gameplay make Final Doom one of the best first person shooters for any system, and is a clear overlooked gem for the good 'ol PS1.prediction:4
reviewText:This game gets my vote as the best non-SEGA arcade racing game to ever make a home conversion. What do you have? A PERFECT recreation of an awesome arcade game, complete with Soul Calibur quality graphics, sweet controls, crystal clear sound, and awesome arcade gameplay. Of course the best thing about this game is that you won't have to insert any quarters time and again in order to unlock all the awesome hidden vehicles and tracks. It DOES get hard later on, but isn't that what an arcade game is supposed to do?Perhaps the only real problem with this game is that the interface needed a little more work. If this game let you restart a track from the pause menu instead of backing all the way out to the main menu, it would have been perfect. As it is, it's an awesome, awesome arcade conversion that arcade racing fans should definitely not miss.prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy VIII is by far the most innovative RPG I have played in a long while. So many new idea, where to start...&lt;P... The battle system is Active Time: each character has a meter in battle; the meter fills up faster or slower, depending on the character's speed; when it reaches the top, the character can select his action. But here's the catch: enemies also attack according to their speed, and the meters do not stop while you're selecting what to do - you WILL get attacked while digging around in the menus. AS you can imagine, this adds a certain element of excitement to battles.Everything depends on your Guardian Forces, which you must properly junction in accordance to the complex Junction System. Obviously the system would be much more of a joy to learn if not for the fascinatingly confusing manual. Luckily, there are numerous in-game tutorials that are far more helpful.Basically, to understand the system you must replace each instance of the word &quot;Junction&quot; with the word &quot;Assign&quot;. You must assign a Guardian Force to each character, and then choose the character abilities from the ones that the Force offers. Pretty much the only command you can have without the GF is &quot;Attack&quot;. With the help of GF, however, you have a sprawl of options: you can assign specific magics to increase attributes, or to give special effects to your attacks; you can summon the GF for a great attack. You can refine magic and items, etc., etc., etc. Each GF can learn a slew of abilities, further expanding your options.Magic has nothing to do with MP. Spells are &quot;drawn&quot; from enemies. You can either draw multiples of spells and store them for future use, or you can draw a single spells and cast it immediately. Likewise, spells can be linked to attributes to reinforce them.There are a few gripes, however: combat is very easy, because you can draw poweful spells ad infinitum, or just summon the GF a few times (which is free). Nevertheless, the possibilities make it all worthwhile. Also, you can't see the maximum HP levels in battle, only the current values, which makes healing into guesswork. It only takes 1000 EXP to go up a level, although your foes level up as you do. The sub-menus can only hold four items per page, making quick picks in battle an exercise in frustration.Although the plot might seem uninteresting at first, the small things will eventually win you over: you don't just get from place to place as need be - you buy train tickets, rent cars, command spaceships. Each location has a dynamic population. People move from screen to screen, walk by you, etc. If you approach, you can listen in on conversations without interrupting them. The superb graphics reinforce these wonderful qualities; as an example, the train sabotage scene on the first disk would be a lot worse without the realistic backgrounds rushing past you.Finally, to the card game: this is by far the deepest &quot;minigame&quot; in any RPG to date, and like it's been said before, it is better than some separate games. There's a slew of cards of various kinds, especially because you can turn any of the numerous monsters into a card with a special command. There are rare cards to be found. As you travel, you will wander into locales with different rules. It can seem overwhelming at first, and it probably is.Final Fantasy VIII is a crowning achievement for Square, especially since the developers had the gut to break free of so many standards (like purchasing equipment, for example) that it's scary. The game deserves to be played just because of its great originality, if not because of its genius.prediction:4
reviewText:i loved this game.  while it's true, it's not as good as VII, that is an unfair comparison, as VII was a milestone.  now, back to VIII.Story:  the story is good; passable, but not brilliant.  certainly not the games strong point, but it does have it's moments, and further expands upon the love story element touched on in VII.  the story progression is rather refreshing, as it is more character driven than event driven when compared to other games in the series.  the personalities of the main characters are fleshed out rather well, and you learn what motivates them to do what they do.  there are no secret characters to obtain (other than by use of a cheat device), but this keeps the narative running at a steady clip.  though not as endearing a story as some, it still provides a decent adventure.Gameplay:  this is where the game really shines.  the character customization is deep, making full use of the GF (Guardian Forces, this game's summons) and Magic systems.  the game forgoes the MP system in favor of requiring you to draw (or absorb) your magic from enemies and draw points, which are then stocked in your magic menu, like items.  100 can be stocked for each kind, and your magic can be junctioned to your stats for increases in your HP, Atk, etc., provided your junctioned GF has that ability available.GFs can be summoned into battle, and have their own HP.  when a GF is summoned, a time bar appears, similar to your active time bar, that depletes at a speed that is directly tied to your compatabilty with the GF you're summoning.  once the bar empties, the GF appears and attacks your foe.  the higher your compatability, the less time it will take for your GF to appear.  the compatability can be increased by using your GF in battle or using certain items.some have complained about the Draw system, but once you get further into the game and aquire the required abilities, you can synthesize almost anything you need from items you pick up along the way, from magic and potions to items that enhance your stats.the money system has also changed.  instead of earning money in battles, you earn a salary based on your SeeD ranking, which you can increase by performing certain action throughout gameplay and by taking the SeeD Ranking tests at Balamb Garden.Graphics:  i won't rate this since it's a PSone game, but they are good for their time period.Audio:  superb, as always.  sound effects and sountrack are standard squaresoft quality.prediction:4
reviewText:I mus tbe bored to bother but I just replayed this and was reminded of how this game's plot must have been written by a love starved 15 year old.  Still it was fun even if the inherently mysoginistic storyline made me hit my triteness vomit button.prediction:4
reviewText:I really did like this game while I owned it.  It's a nice attempt by Squaresoft, and I think this game really could have been a whole lot better than the way it turned out.  I give it 3 stars for its good aspects, and for the POTENTIAL it had.  Well, let's get started.First, as anyone will notice, the graphics are excellent.  They are some of the best that the Playstation could possibly put out, from what I can see.  But, aside from that, everything else about the game gives me mixed feelings.For one thing, there's the music.  Music is very important in an RPG because it sets the whole mood of the game and affects the mood of the player.  Unfortunately, there are not many quality songs in this game.  The battle music is somewhat blah and a bit overdramatic, and the music in towns seems a bit uninspired.  This is compounded by the fact that many tunes are repeatedly recycled.  &quot;Eyes on Me&quot; wasn't bad, but as far as songs of that type go, I think Marle's theme in Chrono Trigger was just a little bit better (that is, her fully orchestrated theme song, not just the little music box tune).  The worst song, though, by far, is the overworld map music.  It is so uninspired, irritating, and boring, and I know it could have been much better, considering the world map songs in previous Final Fantasy games, even the original on the NES.Now, the storyline of this game is excellent.  There are enough twists here to satisfy those who like depth, and the story goes far beyond the simple &quot;group of heroes out to save the world&quot; plot--not that there's anything at all wrong with that plot, mind you.  Every RPG since the beginning of the genre has ultimately boiled down to that anyway.  Really, what stronger motivation is there?Now, despite the good story, the game was hindered by poor character development.  Somehow, everyone seemed very 2-dimensional in this game.  I think one of the problems is that the characters looked too old.  This might sound odd, but let me explain.  The characters are supposed to be teenagers, and they have teenage personalities, but the graphics make them look like they're in their twenties.  As a result, the characters personalities don't match their appearance at all.My other problem with the character development is Squall and Rinoa's love story.  Don't get me wrong, I like the fact that there is a love story here.  But, I don't think it was handled very well here.  Rather than developing over time or having some reason for it, it just seemed to come out of nowhere.  One minute Rinoa just gets on Squall's nerves, and the next, he's head over heels for her.  All of this happens so suddenly that it makes their relationship lose all credibility.  Squall's personality is horrible all the way up to the 4th disc, and Rinoa is just sort of annoying at times.  I think Chrono Trigger's romance between Crono and Marle was handled better.  Even though Crono does not speak, you can tell that it developed properly, over time.The next part, and probably the most important, is the gameplay.  There are some nice, innovative ideas here, but I have the same problem with this Junction system as I did with FF7's materia:  they both take away all the uniqueness of the characters.  In FF6 and other games around its time, each character had a unique ability that only he or she could use, and the characters had different strengths and weaknesses.  But now, with junctioning, all of the characters are basically the same except for their limit-breaks.  So, there is no strategy involved in making a party.  Granted, there is strategy in the junctioning, but it's just not the same.  Also, the Draw command is far too tedious.  I think the junctioning should have functioned more like the Espers did in FF6.At any rate though, I did enjoy playing this game while I had it, but once it was done there was really no replay value.  It has some major flaws though.  Those introduced to RPGs by FF7 and the like might enjoy it, but anyone who prefers Squaresoft's older RPGs should be careful with this one.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a game that may look a little bit rushed on the surface, compared to FF7, but look in between the lines, download the helpful Final Fantasy 8 guide from gamespot.com, and get to know the games secrets. Because they are many.Indepth story, great music, anti-hero main character, and some truly amazing cinemas. You don't want anything more in a game like this, than what Square has been able to put into these four wonderful CDs. I can't recommend this game enough, it rules compared to kiddie Final Fantasy 9. It will at least be remembered by me, and probably by you as one of the most stunning RPGs that has ever graced the Playstation in all its time before Playstation 2 finally arrived. You would want to get this game and try it out if you haven't already, it truly is a gem to behold.prediction:4
reviewText:I was really excited when I picked this game up at a local anime/video game retailer. I had been waiting to try this game out, since I heard it was great in almost every category RPG's try to fulfill. After a couple of days of gameplay, I was both blown away and a little disappointed.First, the &quot;blown away&quot; part. The graphics are simply breathtaking. I particularly took special notice to the dance scene between Rinoa and Squall. Also, I certainly loved the opening to the game. However, me and my friends started to mock it for its long, long intro (believe me, if you want to restart your game, be prepared to be patient). The designs are very lovely, the the beginning confused me (I didn't know she could change flower petals into feathers??!!). During the &quot;epic battle&quot; sequences, the graphics are also very good. But during regular gameplay, it starts lacking just a bit.The story was excellent and I thought it was very involving. Though bits and pieces resulted in a headache, I enjoyed watching the characters. Rinoa is my favorite, but Squall comes to a close second. I have this thing against his scar... ::shudder::...Now to the disappointing part. Well, I was starting to get bored after I got stuck in one part. The battles grew pretty tiresome and I felt like I was playing a Poke'mon game. Everywhere I went there was a goofy looking monster to battle.Don't get me wrong with this review. I absolutely enjoyed playing Final Fantasy VIII. All this review is showing you is the highlights and some of the downfalls. If you are an avid RPG player with little or a lot of background, FF8 will definitely impress. But if you're a wandering video gamer with no clue as to what this game was when you look at a shelf, don't bother picking it up.prediction:4
reviewText:I finished playing through this game my senior year of high school after having abandoned it in 8th grade. I can safely say that, despite some rather large flaws, it's a game worth playing.THE GOOD:This game is huge. Huge on a scale you can't imagine. The story is pretty deep and epic with some nifty twists and turns. There's plenty of story, great music (although by no means the series' best) and pretty graphics to keep your interest if you can deal with...THE BAD:this game has a few damning flaws that keep it out of the better ranks among Final Fantasy games. One of these is its battle system and by extension, the horrid Junction System. Sure, it's complex on a level comparable to playing D & D, but is it fun? No, it in fact, is not fun to spend endless hours in menus equipping various magics to various attributes (magic you have to 'draw', one or two spells at a time, out of your enemies). The Junction system makes your traditional leveling-up pretty much useless. Your characters can be at level 100 and it does you no better off than being at level 30 unless everything is junctioned right.Also, upgrading your weapons does not increase battle power, it merely changes your limit breaks. I wasn't sure whether I liked this or not, but at least Squall's Lion Heart weapon had a groovy lightsaber glow.Another problem: Summons last around as long as it takes the average person to slow-cook a turkey, so you'd best have a book ready after the first two or three times you watch them.The card game is more or less a waste of time, I'd rather have things like VII's snowboarding and motorcycle minigames. Unlike either of those, it is neither fun nor easy to get into. If you want to commit even more time to this game then by all means master the card game. Don't say I didn't warn you though.MORE GOOD:There's plenty to discover in this game, and perseverance and inquisition are well-rewarded with nifty little tidbits of character history and cool bonuses. The real reward of this game, for me, though, was the final area of Ultimecia's Castle- the music and graphics just come together so perfectly that it makes it all seem worthwhile, and your victory is also well rewarded with a lengthy FMV.By all means play this game. It's worth it for the story. Just don't expect to play it more than once.prediction:4
reviewText:Due to this being a review of a much older game there are newer titles to compare this one too. However, despite having poorer graphics than FF X, and being that there is no voice acting in this title when there should have been, at least for the FMVs, its easy to avoid going back to this title for those who have yet to play it. This however, would remain a mistake. Like Star Trek, the best Final Fantasy games end in an even number, and FF VIII is no exception. The graphics were the pinnacle of Playstation graphics, and the sound track remains arguably the best of the franchise. The story is where the game really shines. It's a romance, something that Square hadn't done effectively in the past. This game excels at the romance aspects of the story where all other FF games have failed. More importantly, for me, is that the main character is not an overly perky blonde hair blue eyed happy dude, but one much more like myself. Darker, moodier, and misunderstood as being distant and cold. Squall has a great deal of objections to overcome in identifying and getting a firm grip on love, and even then he has trust issues making him a character that is much easier for me to identify with as Squall and I are a lot alike. (Not easy to admit, but true.) It was also nice to see an FF game without the generic overly happy personality. It was also nice to see a lead male in FF without blonde hair.The game play was where this game left many people wanting. The junction system had quite a steep learning curve, and no matter how much work I did with the cast nobody ever did 9999 damage without the aid of a GF summon. While I enjoyed the Guardian Force Summons and never tired of them many people did not and wanted to skip them. The option to do so would have been nice. I also wish that the characters could learn skills and such without having to have a GF equipped. The game is too reliant on summons and it would have been nice to have the characters have strengths and weaknesses on their own.Although I love this game, I would like to see a remake of the game in the vein of Resident Evil for GameCube. Using similar Technology Square could easily upgrade the graphics; sound and game play to put this game on par with the recent Final Fantasy X. If they really wanted to, it could look as good as Resident Evil if they made it for the GameCube. Earlier some websites reported that remakes of VII, VIII, and IX for the next Gen consoles were being considered. Being that FF VIII could have been much better, even though it was great, its fun to imagine how it could be on next gen consoles if square realizes the true potential of this epic masterpiece.prediction:4
reviewText:Notice the devisiveness of most of the customer reviews of this game... There is a reason for this; FFVIII is a definite love/hate title. It's rare that I find anyone who says &quot;Eh, FFVIII was OK.&quot;The 'thing' about FFVIII is, it strays away from what &quot;RPG&quot; has meant to most videogame RPG players over the last 15 or so years. It breaks many RPG traditions, even more than FFVII did. Meanwhile, many companies are still recycling the innovations made many years ago in previous FF games. If you're new to the RPG genre and have no pre-existing bias, you would be a fool not to give this game a try. It's a must. However, if you are a long-time FF fan, you will fall into one of two catagories:A) Conservative- these are generally the people who hate FFVIII. They discovered the FF series with FFI or IV or VI, and to them, THAT is what an FF game has to be... when an FF game moves away from the earlier style and sensibility of the series (2D 8 or 16 bit graphics, ultra-lighthearted script, a story even a five year old with down syndrome could grasp), they scream bloody murder and &quot;WORST FF GAME EVER! A DISGRACE TO THE FF NAME!&quot; They would rather play half-baked cookie cutter RPGs like Suikoden. They know what they like and that's all they want. They would be happy to play the same games over and over and over for eternity, just change the names of the characters and slap a new title on it and they'll think they're playing something new.B) Progressive- we also started playing FF on the NES or SNES, but these fans are in love with not only the FF games themselves, but they also value the actual EVOLUTION, DEVELOPMENT, and GROWTH of the series. Sometimes accused of being &quot;masochistic&quot; or &quot;mindless&quot; Squaresoft fans, the truth of the matter is that over the course of many years and many games, we have seen Squaresoft time and time again show that they simply tower above the competing videogame developers. Square and their games are not perfect, but they certainly come closer to perfection than anyone else. FFVIII is no exception.One of the best features of the game is the cast of characters, and their characterization. These are perhaps the most-fleshed out and realistic characters ever seen in an RPG. Each one has a very distinct and well-defined personality. (And when anyone says that Squall, the lead character, has no personality, please ignore them. He does have a clear personality... which just so happens to be extremely low-key, calm, and cool.) The story itself is unlike any other RPG you've ever played. Rather than the the complex and grandiose epic that was FFVII or the operatic and sweeping FFVI, FFVIII is a bit more along the lines of a mystery intertwined with a romance. Gameplay is also radically shifted from the norm. Magic spells are taken from enemies rather than learned by leveling or unlocked from items. These spells can then be attatched to a character's various stats in order to boost them. For those who love micro-management, it's heaven.I believe FFVIII to be a true masterpiece, and I recommend it to all gamers, with the exception of bitter and closed-minded &quot;old skool ff fans&quot;.prediction:4
reviewText:There are few series I consider to even be on the same level as the twelve official games in the Final Fantasy legacy, and of those I consider chapter eight to be the undeniable pinnacle. Which, considering its predecessor, the nearly omnipotent fanboy wet dream that was FFVII, says one hell of a lot. This title had every reason to underwhelm, from the groundbreaking success that preceded it (and the enormous shadow of expectations it had cast) to the wildly different path it chose to tread in terms of storyline themes and visual direction... yet it succeeds all the same.As is the case with any RPG, the best place to start with FFVIII is its storyline. While chapter seven was focused on a maniacal egomaniac and his plans to destroy the world through the use of magic and spirituality alone, chapter eight concerns itself more with the political and technological necessities of performing such a feat. Not quite as exciting material at a glance, but twice as realistic. Sorceress Edea, the main protagonist of the story, sets about on her aspirations by overthrowing the government of the largest military power in the world, brainwashing its citizens through the use of the media, invading and obliterating everyone in her path, and manipulating her underlings to the point where she has their complete support without even expanding upon her motivations. Where the glam and glitter of Cloud and Sephiroth's tale has become legendary, the struggles of Squall and Rinoa against their oppressors feel much more weighty and, god help me, believable.Likewise, the central characters in and around your party are much more relatable and varied than those in VII. Where Cloud, Tifa and Aerith, the previous leads, were generally one-dimensional and cartoony, spitting incredible dialog despite their shortcomings, VIII's characters each have elaborate personalities, perks, downfalls and tendencies. Though he's initially far less charismatic and appealing than Cloud, his immediate predecessor, Squall is a tremendously complex, well-rounded lead character with an established psychological excuse for his aggrivatingly anti-social nature. The villains are similarly developed, with an equal amount of redeemable qualities tossed in to keep their more prominent negative characteristics in check. You're never faced with a simple, black and white boss fight, as you were in previous chapters... there's always something about the person you're battling that you can relate to. You form such an incredible bond to the characters in your party that the final cinema is a truly emotional experience, one of the most rewarding and worthwhile conclusions I've ever experienced in gaming.Where every previous chapter in the Final Fantasy story had basically opened with the lead characters already trained and experienced in their professions, FF8 is the first to tell the story of how these characters were first educated as super-soldiers, which natural reservations they had with their chosen role, and just how awkward their first steps as pros really were. In a way, this story is half Platoon and half Breakfast Club. The characters form a bond under extreme circumstances, both with each other and with the player, and develop into skilled fighters before they're even comfortable talking openly about their feelings.Visually, FF8 was and still is an unbelievable sight. The photorealistic characters, settings and effects all but set the stage for the picturesque beauty of Final Fantasy X, the cutscenes remain an almost speechless affair, and the character designs and overall visual theme of the game itself are just breathtaking. This is a game I'd die to see simply reproduced in high definition at some point in the near future, as it pushed the old PSone above and beyond the limits of its hardware. The cinemas are occasionally marred by some artifacts caused by the necessary compression to fit this onto four discs, and the in-game visuals just scream for the power to deliver what they're so obviously capable of. The visual accomplishments of this game are just staggering, and the final cinematic caught me off-guard yet again by just blowing away the modern competition. This game was produced in 1999, and for its opening and closing cutscenes to tear apart their modern contemporaries more than a half decade later should say more than a few things about how awe-inspiring these graphics truly are.And, equally complimenting the humongous strides in the visual department is what I'd loudly proclaim to be the best soundtrack of the series. As was becoming the norm by this point, each character, vehicle, town and dungeon has its own accompanying theme song, but never before had the tunes been so closely intertwined and related as they are here. The softly plucked strings of the Balamb Garden, your base of operations for the majority of the game, are touched upon and mentioned throughout nearly the entire soundtrack, bringing the entire experience full-circle and tethering it to what's quickly identified by both story and player alike as your home. Even the overly sappy J-Pop love ballad, "Eyes on You," which is possibly one of the more annoying things I've ever heard on its own, fits in amazingly when surrounded by the rest of this impressive score. Nobuo Uematsu has never produced finer, nor more immediately recognizable and emotional work.No matter what I say, I can never feel as though I'm doing this game justice. It's a masterwork, the greatest end product to ever emerge from the renowned studios of Squaresoft. Its concentration on the organization, application and implementation of magic into each character's physical attributes appealed to the anal-retentive librarian in me, while the epic storyline, unimaginably cool cutscenes and untouchable characters swept me off my feet. I have my doubts about Square's ability to recapture this past glory, considering the slow downward slope they've presented with each new chapter of the Final Fantasy series since the turn of the millennium, but that can't drag down my utter devotion to the perfection of this title.prediction:4
reviewText:This is with Final Fantasy IX one of the best games on the saga, it is full of good animations, the stoy is excellent and it has a lot of hidden stuff that will keep you playing for hours.The game might be old, but it will keep you busy and for me this is the 6th time I play it.A must have if you are a fan of this saga.prediction:4
reviewText:Spent many nights playing this game for hours. I can't tell you how much of an impact this game has made with my teenage years. The love story is amazing, and the final battle is worth the price of the game alone.The characters are well-played and each have their own unique personalities. Squall is the loner with a hidden strength; Selphie is a happy-go-lucky flower child; Rinoa is a strong and determined fighter; Irvine is a jokester; Quistis is serious and calculated; and Zell never shuts up.From prisons to deserts to forests to outer space, this game takes you places that most Final Fantasy games have never done previously.The battle system is great, I love "drawing" magic from your foes and stockpiling it like crazy. The GF and Junction system takes several hours to get used to, and you probably won't fully understand it until you're halfway through the game and adding critical attributes to your characters' stats.If you are looking for a fantastic game to pass time and to engage you in the storyline, Final Fantasy VIII is a sure bet!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is pretty good, and is very different from previous Final Fantasies.  The equipment system from previous games is almost completely gone, and has been dwarfed by the new magic and summon systems.  It's tricky (and somewhat difficult) when you first start out, but it gets easier.  The storyline can be a bit confusing though, which can take away from the fun.  Some features are missing from the PSOne version too which also takes away from the fun, but a cheat device can easily fix that problem.  It's still fun though, despite its shortcomings.prediction:4
reviewText:Once again, I have to completely disagree with the cons of the Amazon review.  The battles are different from other Final Fantasy games but it's certainly far from being boring and the random encounters are certainly not too much.  It's really sickening to read this stuff all the time.  But I won't dwell on this.I really love this game and love how unique it is and how different it is from other Final Fantasy games.  I remember when I first played the game, it was a little intimidating at first because I didn't understand the whole draw system and drawing of magic and how you had to manage your stats with the magic you got from the drawing.  But I became pretty good with it pretty quickly and now I love it.  This game also punishes you for leveling up your characters since the enemies level up with you.  I find this just as awesome as leveling up in other games since it really takes no more time to draw magic than to grind.  A lot of battles I am in for close to an hour since I'm drawing of magic but to me, that's nothing to complain about.  I love it!This is an epic love story and feel Squall and Rinoa belong together.  The music and areas and sidequests are so awesome.  I love the different chocobo forests and riding the chocobos.  I love the whole city of Esthar and there's just so many things in this game.  I love how on the world map itself, you can draw magic from draw points and you can see these cool trains going around and disappearing into a tunnel.  The world map itself is a sight to behold, let alone the rest of the game.  I love the airship you get to control and all the different areas you go to.  Oh and it's so awesome with the summons in this game.  All the summons, each have their own abilities that they can learn which is really an awesome addition to this game.  Oh and Odin is my favorite summon and you can't summon Odin but when you do see Odin come into battle, it's so awesome because you actually hear his horse.  It's so creative.  The sidequests and mini-games are so fun.  An epic storyline and seeing all the characters develop throughout the game.  Of course the music is some of the best in the whole series.  This is what Final Fantasy is all about.  Just so many amazing things.  It's so underrated.  A MUST BUY for Final Fantasy fans and RPG fans!!prediction:4
reviewText:I had never played ff before and I wasn't sure about number 8 but I thought I would give it a try.  It is without a question the best game I have ever played.  I love this game.  The chars. are well defined and the monsters are challenging and creative.  This was a great game that has lasted a long time with plenty of challenges and lots of fun.prediction:4
reviewText:It's eye opening to turn back the clock and play the old Final Fantasy games in the light of the remarkable production values of FF X.  Each game in the series set a standard for console and computer games that has changed the way today's player sees the RPG genre.I originally played FF8 in the PC version, so I was interested in how the PS2 version would compare.  Even with a my leaky memory, my impression is that the PS2 version is a bit solider graphically.  And, of course, the use of a game controller makes everything seem smoother, even if it really isn't.FF8 follows in the classic Final Fantasy mode - a team of characters headed by a serious minded leader, with a bunch of slightly wacky, but dedicated companions, take on an evil that seems to keep getting stronger and more capable with each advance of the plot.  No villain ever really seems to die, the keep coming back in new and deadlier forms.  And then there are the Guardian Forces, who provide all kinds of spectacle for the battles.This time it is Squall, his fellow SeeDs, and the beautiful Rinoa.  The story starts as a revolution, and then the characters discover that events are really being manipulated by a series of sorceresses who want to destroy the world so that they can rule it unchecked (I know that doesn't make any sense).  All of this on a giant world make full of monsters convenient for leveling up.And leveling up is certainly what a Final Fantasy game is about.  Various side quests and challenges are provided so that reaching the levels needed to kill the final bosses doesn't become tedious, and an incredibly complex character building system makes sure that everyone's playing experience is different.FF8 set a standard that is still higher than some games being written for the PS2 today, and managed to accomplish that on a more primitive platform.  Graphics and character design are amazing, the plot complex, and the action satisfying.  Proving that the best isn't always the newest and the loudest.prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy VII might be a good game, but I never could finish it. Part VIII, on the other hand, I have played time and time again throughout the years. It's one of those games that I know I'll always come back to, and I'm going to tell you why.Never before have I seen so many memorable characters in a single game. Not just the main characters, but even the characters you meet throughout your quest you will always remember. Then of course there are the main characters: rambunctious Zell, lady man Irvine, bossy Quistis, and the energetic Selphie. They all play a vital role in the lives and story that unfolds with Squall Leonheart, who, for reasons unknown, is at first a stolid, unfriendly young man who sees dependency on others and self expression as weaknesses. This philosophy is probably what made him such a great warrior, but when he is thrown into a leadership role he is forced to interact with others. His comrades, with a lot of continuous effort, work to bring him out of his shell, but no one does this better than Rinoa Heartilly. Distant as always, Squall gives her the cold shoulder throughout most of the game, but despite that, she keeps trying to win his heart. Even the others do some pretty crazy things to get them together. Some people don't understand why he suddenly changes from a battle hardened warrior to a loving, caring man, but to me it makes perfect sense when you come to know his past and why he chose to live a sheltered life for so many years. I'm trying not to give away much here, but you're not going to see characters as complex as these in many video games.Finally Fantasy VIII is a story within a story. At the same time Squall is going on this journey of self discovery, he and his army is at war with a Sorceress that plans to wipe out the human race. Simple right? Wrong. There are so many insane twists in this game it's bound to drive you nuts. Just when you think you got it, you realize you don't. But one thing for sure is that IT IS a good vs. evil EPIC and you will love the many places you visit and the people you meet on your journeys across land, space and time.Some people hate the leveling system in this game, but once you understand it, it's really fun to aim for perfect stats. Basically, you are required to hunt down these beasts across the world map that become Guardian Forces once you've defeated them in battle. Sure, you can summon them in battles, but I never do that. I concentrate more on the junction options they give to your characters: Health, Physical Strength, Vitality, Magic and Endurance against Magic. Maxing these stats out to 255 each is real fun and challenging. Combine this with hunting down extremely rare items during your travels so you can refine them into powerful weapons and command abilities, and you're going to have your hands full for a couple of months. Thankfully, for some people, you do not need to do any of this to play and beat the game, but to me, it's another reason why I like this game.Graphics was revolutionary in its day, and I think everyone, regardless if they enjoyed Final fantasy VIII or not, can agree that the game has a great soundtrack.Did I mention anything about all the side quests in this game? At the beginning you are fairly limited with how much of the map you can explore, but once you become more mobile, you can walk away from your main objectives and discover new places that provide you with additional quests. This is how you will get the bulk of your Guardian Forces and some other life-saving items. My favorite places were the Deep Sea Research Center, the Centra Ruins in the wasteland of the Centra Continent, and the Shumi Village in the north.I've played Final Fantasy VII and IX, but I feel the characters are more believable in this one, the drama is more serious, the leveling system is rewarding and Final Fantasy VIII has some of the most imaginative environments I've seen in any video game. In fact, I feel this is the most imaginative game I've ever played (Shadow of the Colossus comes close). At times when playing Final Fantasy VIII I felt I was watching a real good Science Fiction instead of a fantasy. A lot of cool ideas were used in making this game.So what more can you ask for? Good story, memorable characters, fun leveling system and unique, creative environments. I will always come back to play Final Fantasy VIII, and if you haven't done so already, you are missing out on an unforgettable gaming experience.prediction:4
reviewText:I just bought this game yesterday and it rocks. The CG look just like the ones from FF X. The only bad thing is the control in the game, But I still give it five stars. Cards are pretty fun except it starts to get more boring.I would Have to say this game isn't as good as FF X For PS2, which may I add is the best console out there,But it's really close.If you do not have this game i'm telling you now to get of your lazy [bottom] and go get it.Put down that pop and ... get the game!!!!!!!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy 8 - everyone was waiting. And when it finally arrived.. some were disappointed. Others were not. Everyone has their own opinion and thoughts, but what it comes down to is one of the more controversial Final Fantasy games. Some believe that Square is losing it, others say they're simply making their games more serious. But, in my opinion Square was going for something new.. and they wanted to see how their followers would react. I personally loved the game from beginning to end. Gone is the Materia and MP magic system, the characters resemble real people (to a certain extent) and the 'fun' has been zapped out.Final Fantasy fans may be upset or joyful.. either because they feel the Final Fantasy series is straying too far away from its roots or they wanted something new. This Final Fantasy's them is love, and it executes rather well. People say Square took out the 'fun' because of the absence of enough mini-games and little extras (such as the golden saucer and chocobo breeding/racing) that provided a break for those who were tired of leveling up.The graphics are great, the characters actually look like people now! Although they still have some unrealistic features, I liked the anime kind of style that they had for the characters in FF7. Going on, the FMVs are stunning. The best there is around - trust me, the intro alone will make you weak in the knees. The GFs (which I'll get onto later) look great, especially Leviathan and Cactuar : ). Now everything seems to be more detailed, with the monsters, characters and even buildings. However, the chocobos look somewhat different, and there are no moogles (at least none that I can recall) in here whatsoever! : (Final Fantasy 8 has some of the greatest music so far in the series, in fact right now I'm listening to an orchestrated version of Julia's ''Eye on Me'' It really is a great song. FF8 definitely does not have the best music in the series, but it can still hold it's own when compared to the music of FF5, FF7 or FF6. Sometimes you'll find a track or two to become extremely annoying and repetitive, but just think.. you'll live, right? There are some tracks that you'll remember, such as 'Eyes on Me' or "Liberi Fatali," but a few tracks of FF8's music just didn't have the same feel as previous Final Fantasy games.Noteworthy songs:PremonitionLiberi FataliMaybe I'm a lionThe legendary beast Omega WeaponThe ExtremeEyes on MeDon't be AfraidIf you liked the Materia or MP system and hoped either one of them would return, you'll be unhappy to hear there is a new magic system, that almost nobody likes. The new 'draw' system has you sitting down drawing magic spells from your enemies, until you have a suitable amount. Yes, it does get tedious and boring, but you'll really need the magic to help your character due to the junction system. There are also draw points here and there, but they only help a little. I really hate the draw system, and I hope it's not going to be included in later Final Fantasy games.The characters in FF8 are fresh and new, and the main character, Squall is kind of like Cloud with that 'I don't care' attitude except he's a loner and always has something on his mind. This is the set of characters you'll remember (besides Quistis, Selphie, and uh.. Irvine.) For their charm, humour (Zell and his hot-dogs heheheh), and great stories (especially Squall). There's a long story that has to do with all the characters that goes along these 4 discs.. there will be moments when it'll make you cry (if you're the emotional type), ones that'll make you dance with joy, and others that'll have you swearing at Squall cause he didn't give Rinoa a hug.The story is well thought out and it has quite a few strange plot twists. You'll be sitting on the edge of your seat to find out what happens next, because of FF8's great story line. It starts off right from after the intro in which Seifer, a rival of Squall's, slashes Squall in the face. Squall is a student at the Garden, a mercenary school. He's very quiet and cold-hearted. He does have a few 'friends', who are Quistis and Zell. He and Seifer are the top students at the Garden and were always considered rivals. But, change happens when Squall meets Rinoa on a mission, a very interesting person with an optimistic attitude. She doesn't worry about anything, and is friendly to everybody. At first Squall doesn't really care.. but as the story goes on - things happen. And let's just say Squall's world is turned upside down, inside out and he doesn't really know what to do about it. A number of events occur, as they learn more about the Garden, Edea the sorceress and Laguna. At first you may think this is your typical 'boy meets girl, boy saves girl from big evil sorceress, boy falls in love with girl' but it's really a lot more complicated than that. Expect the unexpected, and you'll still be in for the ride of your life.Guardian Force - without it you'd be toast. Well actually, probably not. I went through the last quarter of the game without using a single GF. Squall with 255 Strength and a Lionheart = doom for enemies. It's simple - the last boss incredibly easy. My simple strategy is to cast Mighty Guard, and then hack away at high speed - or stay at low health [not too low] and use endless limit breaks. But that's getting off topic - The GFs are your faithful companions, they're kind of like Summons or Espers (Shiva, Ifrit and some other classics are back, yet again!) and they allow you to junction (the Junction system completely gets rid of equipping armor etc.. read about it soon!) magic to your attributes. The GF summons look fantastic the first couple of times, and they do take up a reasonable amount of time.. but they start to get annoying. You'll be sitting there frantically pressing the square button while watching your GF do the same move.. again and again. There are also hidden/secret GFs. The GFs can learn abilities from a long list including HP up, New junction options, new abilities (such as Recover, Revive etc.) and other neat little things. IMHO, the GF concept isn't the brightest idea in the world, but it works out okay.Did you like to buy equipment and little relics or accessories for your characters? Well forget all that - instead is the junction system. You take your magic spells that you have, and 'junction' them to one of your many attributes (such as attack, speed, defense etc. etc.) to improve it's rating. And the more spells of that certain spell you have - the stronger you'll become. And different spells have different effects. So this means that when you use your magic, your stats will go down. This is what I hate most about the Junction system and the main reason I hardly used magic throughout the game. Also, you can junction to elemental defense and attack to give you a special raise or drop in offense or defense when facing certain enemies. Then there is also Status attack and defense junctions, which allow you to have a defense against certain status changes, or allow you to attack with a chance to give the enemy a status change. As for weapons, you don't buy new ones, instead you find certain items that the blacksmith needs to upgrade or re-model your current weapon.The card game - triple triad is Square's answer to your mini-game cravings. Although I think people really wanted a bunch of simple mini-games here and there, Triple triad is so deep and addictive you'll forget about those mini-games. There are hundreds (I believe) of cards to collect, and you can battle almost anyone in a card game. There are different rules from different areas of the world, so you'll have a good challenge. And once you build up your collection of cards, you can change them into items to help you upgrade your weapons!And now, everyone's favourite animal.. the chocobo! Chocobo catching isn't as easy at all anymore.. you'll find the chocoboy in Chocobo forests, who'll explain everything to you. You have two whistles, the Chocoziner and the ChocoSonar. You use the two of them to lure out the baby chicobos, then after you find them all - the mother chocobo comes and you can ride it. I don't know of any races for chocobos, but I think what you see is what you get. I've also heard of a secret chocobo area, but that's the FAQ's job to explain : )It's the little things that people miss.. receiving money for defeating the enemies, the materia and MP system, simple yet fun mini-games, a bigger variety of characters, any secret characters and more of a challenge. But there's also some little things that FF fans have embraced and enjoy. Such as car rentals, salaries, tests of knowledge, mini-quests, gorgeous FMV, great characters, a well-crafted story line and the mighty Moombas!Now, whether you like FF8 or not is your personal opinion.. but I love it from the stunning introduction, to the spectacular ending which makes all of the bad parts of the game seem worth going through. I may not like it as well as FF6, but it's still a Final Fantasy, and everyone will remember this one. Whether it was because of how horrible they thought it was, or because of what a fantastic experience they had with it.***Sushi's Quick Sheet&trade;Storyline : I really like the story, besides the few parts of it that I don't understand.Gameplay : The fighting system remains relatively intact, but I think that limit breaks are a little too easy to activate.Characters : Quistis, Selphie, and Irvine could've used some more development, but the others are great.Magic System : I really don't like the fact that whenever you use your magic, you weaken yourself.Controls : Well, uh, they're good.Audio : Another batch of excellent tracks from Nobuo Uematsu himself.Replay : I'm hooked to the card game, even though I always lose heheh.Overall : It definitely lives up to Final Fantasy's reputation.***RatingsStoryline : 9.5/10Gameplay : 9/10Characters : 9.7/10Magic System : 3/10Controls : 10/10Audio : 9/10Replay : 10/10 (The card game.. hehe)Overall 10/10prediction:4
reviewText:This is by far the best game in the FF series. You can take virtually any route that you see fit in character develpment, and the customization is by far one of the most in depth and revolutionary systems to date. If you don't take full use of everything the game gives you then your experience will not be as fulfilling when playing FF8. Some people have complained about balance and having to rely on your GF's (guardian forces) too much. This is not the case at all, because in FF8, you make your own balance in the way you junction your characters. I have beaten this game with minimal, to no usage of my GF's, or magic-only using regular attacks and limit breaks. It can be done, and if you experiment with different spells, status ailments and elemental junctioning, then you will appreciate the very deep system that this game offers.JUNCTIONING~First you have to be careful that you do not miss anything in this game. Draw from everything you encounter early in the game, because alot of early bosses have magic that you might not see for quite some time, and those spells are the key to sailing straight through this game. The more spells you have of one kind determine the junctioning stats rate of effectiveness. For example: if you have 30 fires junctioned to your str. and your str. is currently at 30, and you happen to draw 70 more the next battle, your str. will now be at 100 because you have more fire spells in your inventory and you are currently junctioned to fire. This was just an example because if I can remember right, the magic only increases the stats that they're junctioned to by percentages. The most of any spell you can aquire is 100, but experimenting with different spells on different stats are better than choosing auto junction, in which the computer does it for you without much diversity. 100 full-lifes on your HP works wonders though!GF's~Alot of the GF's have some of the same abilities to start out with, so pay attention to which one give you the abilities to junction certain stats. You will need to divide them up accordingly, so that your whole party has even statistics, so then you will be able to draw with them also. Always leave one party member with a magic command though so you can use cures, and draw with your other two. Your GF's level up as long as they're equipped to you, even if you don't use them in battle.Try junctioning the spell zombie to your status attack, and the use life to instantly kill alot of tougher enemies. Have fun!prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy! Doesn't hearing that name give you a chill down your back? Well, if not, then you haven't played number 8. I thought seven was pretty darn good but I was wrong. It is average compared to the mighty FF8. I am twelve and love PS games but this is incredible. Here is my score for it: Graphics: 10/10 Absolutely incredible! This would be good even on PS2 Gameplay: 10/10 Come on! It's Final Fantasy! Lifespan: 10/10 4 discs! 100+ hrs. What more can be said? Sound: 9/10 The best FF music yet. Brill! Characters: 10/10 Couldn't fault any of them Plot: 10/10 Better than FF7! Awesome.Even Metal Gear Solid isn't as good as this! This is a master piece: Perecentage of 100 for ff fans and 99 for none ff fans. Exceptional! Magnificent! Magic! I could go on....prediction:4
reviewText:THOUGH THIS IS A TRUE RPG. BUT THE BATTELS ARE DRAMATICLY EXHAUSTIC. AND THE STORY GETS TIRESOME. BUT OVERLALL THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST RPGS EVER MADE.(not as good as &quot;legend of the dragoon&quot;)prediction:4
reviewText:Let me start off by saying that this is one of the best games I've ever  played. The graphics and FMVs (especially the intro!) are outstanding and  the storyline is engrossing, intricate and complex. Some people dont like  the new junction system, well, Squaresoft was trying to put something  different in the game so it wouldnt play as FFVII with materia. And the did  a fine job with that. Money is not of great importance in this game as  FFVII, but you do get a lot of it throughout the game. The main character  has a cool weapon, the gunblade, which is very original and it has much  more power than Cloud's big &quot;axe.&quot; This game has some great music  - arguably the best ever in any RPG. The theme song, &quot;Eyes on Me&quot;  is a memorable and romantic tune that will easily catch your ear.  Overall FFVIII is an incredible game with a lot to it. There's a lot i  didnt mention but you'll figure it out. FFVII wasnt a bad game at all. Both  have their originalites and ups and downs.prediction:4
reviewText:...but in spite of that, Final Fantasy VIII is an undeniable classic. The longest game in the series, number 8 is one of two that I have been able to beat (along with number 10). The game spans across 4 epic discs (though, as usual, the final disc is rather short). In each disc, there are all sorts of lush 32-bit landscapes and characters, as well as gorgeous summons and various other magic spells. The CG cinematics are stunning, especially the ending. The character designs are new to the series, which is great: it was the first with the more adult looking characters that also stylized number 10 (parts one and two).Also, the musical score, though not as good as the one in VII, is GORGEOUS! The battle music for both bosses and regular monsters is beautiful: while the monster battles have more of a classical sound (strings leading in to a brass and wind attack), while the boss theme is more of a synth rock tune with rhythm guitar chugging away beneath the keys. The final battle music is beautiful, as is the music in the final level (Ultimecia castle). In fact, the music in Ultimecia castle sent chills down my spine when I first heard it, it is VERY creepy, with the organs blaring and the harpsichords beneath it. The bottom line: it doesn't have as wide of a variety of characters as many other Final Fantasy games do, but it has an eerie and atmospheric musical score that only Final Fantasy VII can beat. Buy it if you enjoy the series, especially VII and all the games after it.prediction:4
reviewText:Sometimes I feel the urge to play an older game. I don't know, it's just that today some of the titles require such high-end stats and make you wade through more menus that I yearn for the days of old when games were just much more straightforward. In addition there's just not that many single-player games in production these days and I remember a time when it was the single-player mode that a game was rated by, multi-player being more of a novelty.Mechwarrior II:Mercenaries is a reasonable translation of tabletop BattleTech to computer gaming. I say &quot;reasonable&quot; because there are finer nuances that have been altered to make the computer gaming experience more palatable. More on that in a second, let's give this game it's due. Building on the slightly older Mechwarrior II and expansion pack this game gave you the viewpoint of the Inner Sphere (IS) domains. Coincidentally most BattleTech players I've ever dealt with play IS in one form or another, and so the first Mechwarrior II, while pretty, seemed a little odd. No Mechwarror game since this one has covered the Clan Invasion of 3051 and it's a crying shame, more classic combat scenarios came out of that era than any other, hands down.You start out as a mercenary commander (your CO blown away in the awesome, totally BattleTech inspired intro). Over the years you acquire better Mechs and weapon systems, salvage partially destroyed equipment (and even more Mechs), and spend your money wisely upgrading. You can also hire up to 2 Lance mates, although as a BattleTech purist I really would have liked to have had 3, a Lance being 4 Mechs in number. You can also hire a single Aerospace fighter or bomber pilot, flying the classic 3025 models (Stukas, Lucifers, Corsairs, and more). As the game progresses your stature and fame in the IS grows, until strange stories come from the Periphery of a marauding army of souped up Mechs destroying all in thier path. In one of the most memorable game sequences I ever played (ever, to this day) you escape with some Periphery pirates (common enemies make strange bedfellows, eh?) and flee in a stolen Pegasus Light Hovercraft to a perfectly taut soundtrack.The cutscenes were wonderful and the game exudes pure BattleTech. The new Mercenaries captures a lot of the dynamics of running an independent mercenary company in the BT universe but just doesn't take it from this era, which is a shame.This game, good as it is, still has some flaws. If you flip through your 3025 manuals you'll see most of the Mechs are here, save for a few notable ones like the Rifleman, Warhammer, Phoenix Hawk, and my favorite, the Hatchetman. My understanding is there is an ongoing licensing problem with some of these designs, basically carbon copied from the RoboTech universe. Weapons don't seem to do as much damage, but I understand that's a necessary evil of the design. On a tabletop the average life expectancy of some units isn't even a full minute, and so while you may expect to obliterate that unwary Commando with your AC20 in one shot it's a little dissappointing to see it take up to 3. Your Lance members oftentimes don't know where they're going, although admittedly they can hit thier targets. The vaunted Aerospace Pilot works for only a few missions and then simply ceases to work, simply hovering in place over the battlefield, regardless of how many times you tell him to attack. And I won't lie, there are a number of impossible missions that will have you scouring the web looking for invulnerability cheats, the first and foremost on my mind being the set of missions on the ice freighter.This game was so good though, the soundtrack was absolutely incredible, the graphics for it's day were great, that I simply cannot give it anything less than 4 1/2 stars. My hat's off to FASA, Activision, and Hanse Davion. Miss ya bud!prediction:4
reviewText:I haven't played this game since I was 5, and i miss it so much...Now nobody in my family has a 95, we've all got XPs so I can't play it anymore...WAAAAHHH!!!!! oh well Hey Mech Freaks if you put the game in your CD player (or at least the Titanium Trilogy Edition) of the Mechwarrior 2 games, it plays music- maybe it's just my copy but it's awesome!  I love this game to death...prediction:4
reviewText:i remember this game being  highly anticipated back in 2000 to be the greatest star trek combat sim.. it was sort of... they promised  all sorts of stuff in the game.. addons  etc.. Then they disbanded 14 degs leaving everyone that bought the game for 50 bucks with a broken half made game game going wtf.. and interplay then went  bankrupt a year or later. they released 2 minor patches to fix  bugs but that was it.. the game had real potential. i still play it on occasion it brings back  great memories.prediction:4
reviewText:Absolutely the worst game in the excellent Quakes. This certainly bombed the whole trilogy with its gameplay. What I hate about this game is the nonstop mindless shooting where you don't have to think. Getting killed in this game also causes alot of anger because everyone just jumps around you and constantly fires! This game is just like UT, bad. Utterly bad! I have constantly tried to like it, but failed at every attempt. Avoid at all costs!prediction:4
reviewText:I have to admit I've been a bit of an Unreal fan in the Quake/Unreal debate over the years. Sinlge player wise, mulitplayer and engine. I prefered Unreal to Quake 2 single player but liked Unreals bright graphics  better. Quake II Multiplayer was the nuts!When Quake 3 came out I found  I had played the Unreal Tournement Demo more when I first got that!  It  doesn't detract from a great game but any game I can complete in one  evening (on level 3), leaving me wondering if I can be bothered to do it  all again on a higer level, doesn't warrant a classic game for me.The  engine is the best ever and the bots are gorgeous as is the level design.  It just lacks the cutting edge that UT has and I'm still playing that now.  I do go back to Quake 3 to make a change to UT but having completed it in  one evening I really cant be asked to go all the way back and do it on a  harder setting - The lastability just isn't there. Still a great game  though - just not as good as Unreal tournement (demo!) HA!prediction:4
reviewText:I just bought Quake 3 Arena and I was suprised in this game! Quake 3 Arena is really for multi-player so if anyone likes fast-paced multi-player action then I say buy this game. You should practice on single player cause' multi-player is pretty tough depending on who you're battling. Quake 3 Arena has some pretty cool weapons, good graphics, and smart bots. There aren't many weapons but they're really useful and damaging. The graphics are dazzling and the bots are smart. When your battling bots they aren't programed to just chase after you and fragging you. They talk to each other and set up traps which I think is pretty unique. I bought this game a few days ago and it's a pretty cool game. If you like fast multi-player action then I say get Quake 3 Arena!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Why did you do this id? No wait. . . I understand why, but it's still no excuse to create a game like this. Multiplayer only? OK, OK, I need to settle down here. First of all I need to explain my situation. I have Internet access but not the kind to play this game, I have a lowly 56k modem with a (insert appropriate insult here) connection. This type of connection is definitely not the best connection, even for games that have low data transfer like Diablo or Ultima. However, in my apartment complex we created our own Ethernet LAN with the main hub in my own apartment, perfectly ideal for this type of game. Does this mean that I play this game? Yes, sort of. Does that mean that I like it? I wish I could.I've rewritten this paragraph four times already. There is no way to express my dislike for this game. Simply put, players will get separated into two groups. Those with the skills to pummel anyone who comes into the arena, and those who get pummeled. Unfortunately, the &quot;Pummelers&quot; are few and far between. Most of the &quot;pummeled&quot; will be amateurs, they'll buy the game, play through a few deaths and erase the game from their hard drive. My LAN mysteriously &quot;empties&quot; out when I offer up a game of Q3. id blew it with this one. Poorly thought out, this game serves only the elite few with the grit, skill, determination, and fast connection to play this game. Lets hope that id gets a brainstorm and comes up with an actual story line for the next game instead of taking the easy way out like they did with this one.Remember, I'm not saying the multiplayer is bad. The multiplayer is awesome! It's the lack of the single player that makes this game blow. In fact, it's the lack of everything else that makes me want to lose my lunch.prediction:4
reviewText:WOW! Ok, I know it's 2007 and I'm playing a game from 1999, but what the heck. lol. This game is wonderful, reminiscent of the old days when Picard and Data were still on our screens every night, bringing some new and amazing futuristic discovery to the screen while becoming legends. The interaction with the Star Trek crew alone is enough to warrant a purchase. As far as graphics... now I'd give them about a 6 out of 10 back in '99 these would have easily rated a 9 as the fixed enviroment system allows for a very rich and detailed backdrop to the story. Surprisingly, mosto f the flaws of  this game are the same as the original Resident Evil series. The controls can be frustrating, the cutscenes can be a bit blocky and the AI a little on the repetitive side. However, if you love Star Trek, and are looking for a great adventure game to keep you occupied and immersed in Star Trek, play this.prediction:4
reviewText:Rayman is a solid 2D platformer in the vein of Kid Chameleon and other sixteen-bit era jewels, with about a hundred short sublevels divided into five themed worlds. No plot twists here: shatter the six cages of captured Electoons in every level to confront the master villain and save the Great Protoon. The colorful, witty graphics and the action-packed, absorbing gameplay is where the game really shines. The packaging boasts four separate backgrounds running simultaneously. I haven't counted, but it seems true. The sprites are large, colorful, and expressive. What really amazes is the amount of interaction: you may find yourself dodging enemy projectiles, steering a floating berry, and ducking under swinging obstacles, all at the same time. Not to mention the minigames and the numerous hidden items. Rayman is a complete package, warranting at least a look.prediction:4
reviewText:Rayman is a classic game released in the Playstation's early years. And it's still a great game!Gameplay:10/10:  Sidescrolling joy! You are Rayman, an armless, legless, neckless thingy, who has to save his world after the evil Mr. Dark takes over it. You will need to free your caged friends in all of the huge worlds to get to Mr. Dark's layer. You also get powers, such as punching, helicopter, and more! You also fight tough bosses like Space Mama!Challange:10/10: It's HARD! And only 5 continues! But here's a hint: If you have less than 3 continues, press up, down left, and right on the continue screen to get 10 extra continues!Graphics: 10/10: They are colorful, and I mean COLORFUL! Bright, cartoonlike 2D graphics. The best of the PS's 2D graphics!Sound: 9/10: It sounds great!Music: 10/10: I love the music. My favorite tune is the music on certai levels on the Cave of Skops!So if you have a PS, and are looking for a chalanging sidescroller, look no further!prediction:4
reviewText:The original Rayman is perhaps one of the finest platformers that ever came out. There's a reason why this game has been re-released for some times (Not as much as Rayman 2, but still). That reason is...everything.The game has one of the best soundtracks I've ever listened to in a video game. I can tell there were LOTS of effort put into this masterpiece. You can even put the game into a CD player and it would play the music!Before there was Ly, Lums, Razorbeard, the Rabbids, or even Globox for that matter, there was Rayman, the fairy that created him, and the evil Mr. Dark. This was a platformer that just suddenly improved upon everything people loved about platforming games. It had great gameplay, catchy music (as noted), and amazing graphics that reveal hugely detailed environments.As you start the game, you only start out with the basics: Running and jumping. But that as you progress through, you get newer powers, such as being able to hang on platforms, THROW your FISTS at enemies (Man, that's cool), and >GASP&lt; being able to fly for a short period of time! Sure, later games have these powers as staples to Rayman's character, but back when this was the only game out, you have to work your way to get these....and you would have fun doing it.The problem is that younger gamers may be put off by the game's difficulty. Yeah, it is challenging, but some find it to actually be TOO challenging. Nevertheless, this is a gem that you should buy in case you have a Playstation lying around.prediction:4
reviewText:To start out, Rayman is this unique character, who has cool powers which he gains along his adventure to save his frog friend Globbox who is being held captive by pirates. It is a Mario type game with tougher bad guys and Rayman can throw balls of light at everyone. This game takes you to a whole new 3D world with a few dozens of levels, each huge and challenging. The challenges are full of puzzles, traps and monsters. It is a good game to improve problem-solving abilities. Despite the challenge they are all fun challenges that differ from level to level. Such as one level, you must fly through a tremendous lava tube, another you must ride a rocket through a twisting and turning pirate ship. Fun for younger ages and it will take about six months to beat. You may want to rent it before you buy it, but when you rent it you will be hooked.prediction:4
reviewText:Although alot of people hated this game because of the random dungens and  stuff like that, and never really had the patience to sit down and PLAY the  game and imidietly decided the story went no where.  I pity those people.  After over 2 months of playing this game I was happy out of what I received  from it!  Not only did it give me quite a challenge, but it also gave me  hours of fun!  Although it did annoye me with how much I had to battle to  boost my experience points, when I finally got to my destination I was  pleased I worked with it!  Now it doesn't compeat with &quot;Finale  Fantasy&quot; or other RPG's like that, but I did find myself playing one  of the best RPG's still!  I truly hope everyone who dismissed this game as  too boring will give it another chance to see the beauty of this game!  Plus with some of the best graphics I've seen makes this another one to get  just for that!  I can't wait to play &quot;Evolution 2: Far Off  Promise,&quot; and hopefully we'll get a &quot;Evolution 3!&quot;prediction:4
reviewText:Rayman 2 gets just about everything right- it is a game that was created  with a sense of wonder and fun that draws you right in.The Dreamcast  does an amazing job of polygon pushing in this game, every level is  fabulously rendered. A very interesting technique of pure 2D art being  place in the game (self-stacking mushrooms, ghosts, and other things)  really helps keep the game looking fresh, original, and not too boxy. In  the first level of the game, there is a field of butterflies that you can  run through, causing them all to flutter about. The camera angle changes to  help you appreciate the view. Very nice.The camera was occasionally  frustrating, and once or twice maddening, but usually very non-intrusive.My biggest complaint with the game were the occasional levels that had  tracks in them (flying on a rocket, or skiing in a swamp) these levels were  fun, but sometimes enraging in their nitpickiness. The game is usually very  generous with waypoints, though, so it is not too big of a deal. Once  you've hit the same pipe sticking out of a wall 5 times though, it starts  to wear on you.The best thing Rayman 2 does is get you engaged with the  world- the true aim of this type of game, in my mind. You will love Rayman,  his friends, and his world by the end of the game.Pick this game up for  the kids, pick this up for yourself, you will have a great time!prediction:4
reviewText:My sister bought Grand Theft Auto 2 (GTA2) a long time ago and I still play it. GTA2 is a game where you can do almost anything. You can jack cars from anyone including the police. The main point of this game is that you have to work for 7 ruthless gangs without getting your hide thrown in jail. The jobs start off easily but then increase each time you work for a gang. The harder the job is the more money you get. But, in order to work for a gang you have to show some respect. There are seven different gangs in the city and each of them hate each other. When you work for one gang then another gang looses respect for you then you gotta kill gang members from the gang that likes you then the gang that hates you will respect you so you can get another job from the gang that likes you. Well, it's kinda tricky at first but once you get the hang of getting respect from another gang it's pretty fun. There are over 100's of jobs and over 100's of cars. You can choose from armored lemos to tanks or even ice cream trucks! Also, this game is free. You can do anything to achieve your goals. You can put a bomb in a car and drive it to a gang's safehouse and blow them sky high! Almost anything you can do. That's why I love this game! If you love being the bad guy sometimes and love a game where you can do anything from getting chased by cops to working for dangerous gangs then get this game!prediction:4
reviewText:Thief Gold is the gold edition of Thief Dark Project, It has three new mission plus the orginal 12 levels. Thief Gold has three new levels, But they are not in the end of the game, They are very well inserted into the storyline. In the orginal game you are requierd to steal four tailsmens, Water and Fire tailsmens were in mission &quot;The Lost City&quot;, Air and Earth tailsmens in mission &quot;Undercover&quot;.But in Thief Gold they all have their own missions, The Earth tailsmen is in the mission &quot;Mages Keep&quot;, The Water tailsmen is in the mission &quot;Songs of Cravens&quot;. Besides this there is another new mission &quot;Thieves Guild&quot;. The level desinging for all the three missions are superb and they are very large and it will take you long to complete. Besides this there are many charecters and sound too. You will love the singing charecter in &quot;Songs of Cravens&quot;. The orginal mission's are also reworked to give great replay, &quot;Lost City&quot; and &quot;Bonehoard&quot; for example looks different and there are new villans in them. Thief Gold looks a lot better that the orginal,The AI,Graphics,Sound are very good. There is also a fourth mission a secret fun mission in the end which shows the bugs that went into prodction, Like how the water effect turned out when they initially and the orginal design for certain creatures, Even that mission is fun to play. Thief Gold is a must buy for FPS fans even for persons who have the Thief Dark project as the three new missions are fantastic.prediction:4
reviewText:Each genre has it's problems.  Flight simulators have a difficult time telling stories.  Pure adventure games often have &quot;artificial&quot; interfaces that come across feeling far too fake.  Strategy games take too  long to play.  And first person shooters have an inevitable  &quot;sameness&quot; to them.&quot;Thief,&quot; happily, avoids the  pitfalls of each genre, while borrowing the best qualities from them all.  Like the best adventure games, the atmosphere created is so total you can't  help but be lost in it.  Yet it's not just posh backgrounds and surround  sound moodiness: it's a game of strategy.  The goal here is to steal, not  to kill, and that makes your choices entirely more calculated than is  common in action games.  If you kill someone, you have to worry about how  much noise he'll make in death.  You'll have to hide the body.  And you'll  have to douse the lights so that he won't be able to see and fight back  more effectively.  It's frequently easier--and smarter--to just walk away  than to kill.In short, this is a game player's game.  Once you've been  wowed by all the things your computer can do, once you've seen all the  pretty new games,  once you've shot down your first million starships,  THIS is the game you settle into for the long haul.Be warned, though:  &quot;Thief&quot; is so wholly satisfying, it will rob you of the ability  to enjoy 90 percent of the games on the market.prediction:4
reviewText:I loved "Half Life," and have played it again and again. I suppose that you only realise how far ahead of it's time the game was. It's 7 years old and I recently just played it yet again, and it was just as fun as the first time. When "Opposing Force," was released, however, the Half Life experience just got even better.In this Expansion pack you play Corporal Adrian Shephard, one of the Special Ops Soldiers sent to clean up Black Mesa and eliminate Gordon Freeman. On your way in however, you are brought down before insertion. You find yourself in the depths of the beseiged facility with little idea of what's going on. Of course you soon learn the terrible truth of your situation and are flung into a hellish world filled with Aliens and Monsters hungry for your blood. But soon enough Black Ops arrive to take over and you become a target for elimination by both humans and aliens alike. The only way to escape and survive is to fight, and it's one hell of a fight...The reason I say this Expansion Pack is one of the best I have every played is because it's long and, like "Half-Life," very replayable. You also get to command soldiers who you traditionally would've fought and you wield many different and new weapons, both human and alien. The Desert Eagle, Sniper Rifle and S.A.W are some new "real world" weapons that really pack a punch; while the Displacer (Self-Teleporter), Slimeball Gun and Shock Rifle are the new experimental and alien weapons. Each weapon is interesting and fun to use, especially the Shock Rifle. Of course, with new weapons and allies come new enemies. You'll encounter Shock Troopers, Black Ops Snipers, and new forms of Zombies to name but a few. And of course there are new environments to explore and new bosses too, one being the hideous Pitworm that makes those three Dragon things that Gordon fought look like amoebas. An Expansion pack is meant to excite, entertain and enthrall, but most importantly it should EXPAND on the previous game, which is exactly what this game does! 5/5 for attaining the very goal that all Expansion packs should strive for...If you manage to get "Blue Shift," you'll also be able to play this game with the High Definition Pack, which gives everything a better look and gives the game a greater appeal. The gameplay is as fluid as ever and the action is realistic, fast and furious! 5/5 for gameplay, even today! The graphics are great with the H.D Pack, so the game gets 3/5 for the original content and 4.5/5 for the new H.D Pack.The sound and backing tracks are wonderful and really add to the atmosphere and ambience of the game. Even today "Half Life" and all of its add-ons have great, clear sound, so it gets yet another solid 5/5.The Game is just fantastic. It's fun, gripping, interesting, scary, action-packed, gory and graphically pretty impressive. It gets 5/5 overall, or 95% according to my new Percentage system. It's nearly totally flawless. You'll enjoy this game if you're an FPS fan or a "Half Life" fan. In terms of difficulty, it gets 4/5 for the Hard setting, 3/5 for normal and 1/5 for easy, so play it on hard for the maximum challenge! It's a great buy even today and it's pretty darn cheap, so why not buy it then eh?(Please Note: You must have the full retail version of "Half Life" installed on your computer for this game to work)prediction:4
reviewText:In this expansion pack for the original Half Life entitled Opposing Force, you play as Corporal Adrian Shephard. You and your fellow US Marines (Hazardous Environment Combat Unit division) are sent to the Black Mesa Research Facility. Before you are given your objective, however, your plane is shot down and you are forced to fight for your life. As you venture throughout Black Mesa, it is revealed to you that your HECU unit was to kill any one within the facility and cover up the incident that had occured.Its a first person shooter, and its a fun one at that. You acquire many different types of guns like the SAW, knife, shotgun, MP5, rocket launcher, wrench, grenades & satchels, a portable Barnicle, sniper rifle, some sort of alien grenade launcher, and many more. Each weapon is equalyl satisfying to fire off and the sound effects of each explosion and shot fired is fantastic even by todays standards.You will be forced to fight a lot of different things through out Opposing Force. This title pits you against things like Black Ops soldiers (which are the HECU's nemeses), Shock Troopers (humanoid-aliens that shoot electrical charges at you), Vortigaunts, these dog-type things that send out shockwaves, these giant walking tad-pole sorta monsters that shoot these poison needles at you, a gigantic worm appropriately named Pit Worm, and many more. Each adversary is fun to fight, and you'll encounter each one numerous times (except the Pit Worm.. he's like a mini-boss).In this title, you are able to command different groups of HECU soldiers as you progress. Each one carries different weapons, some can heal you, others can get you through locked doors, etc. Anyway, each one is definitley helpful to have when you get into battles. However, their AI is just bad... you'll want them to follow you down a ladder and they will just stand there and do nothing or sometimes even say good bye. Oh well.The ending to this game was disappointing. You disarm this nuclear bomb that the Black Ops were prepping, and as you walk into the elevator to face the last monster you notice the G-Man re-arming the nuke. Anyway, you fight this huge beasty, kill him, and somehow wind up on a plane with the G-Man. He tells you that he has "a fascination with people who adapt and survive against incredible odds" and has decided to "preserve you for future endeavors." From there, outside the plane, the sky turns into what I imagine is space. The G-Man takes his leave, and keeps you in space... away from harm, and away from doing harm.Also, this title has a lot of puzzles in it. I'm not a fan of puzzles but others may be.I highly suggest if you haven't played Opposing Force by now (like me) then you really need to get this title and play through it. Its a lot of fun, and certainly challenging. An 8.5 out of 10.prediction:4
reviewText:Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is by far the most complicated game in the series. But for people like me, who enjoy challenges, that's a good thing. It's a very exciting game with spellbinding graphics, an interesting and captivating plot, and a lot of suspense. Even though I haven't finished it yet, I love the game and look forward to the day I do finish it. I recommend it to all people who love action/adventure like I do!prediction:4
reviewText:First I just have to say that I love this game. LOVE it. The plot is very interesting, I think it's probably the best one yet. My only complaint is that in most of the levels you need to get certain artifacts that you must have later in the game. It might be a little better if you can't exit the level without it, but you can so you'll never know that you need that artifact until you're frustrated with yourself three levels later unable to move forward in the game. So save often, look everywhere before proceeding, and if you don't trust yourself I would suggest getting a walkthrough. At least just to read over and make sure you got everything. Despite that, as I said it's my favorite of the Tomb Raider series. The quality is wonderful, her selection of weapons is great, and it's extremely addicting.prediction:4
reviewText:Diablo II has been around quite a while now, but it remains in my mind the greatest game ever made.  I was one of many who waited impatiently for untold months for Blizzard to finish the sequel to the original Diablo, and I was by no means disappointed.  Blizzard does not release a game until it is really ready for prime time.  The most amazing thing about this game is its disarming simplicity.  All you need is a mouse and a finger to click with, yet the action is often intense and the experience completely absorbing.  When you get right down to it, killing demons and other nefarious beasts is just plain fun.  The game can get rather difficult at times, yet this is a game that even I, inept player that I am, have actually been able to complete all on my own.This game took everything good about the original Diablo and just multiplied it.  You now have four entirely different regions to explore, each featuring a number of NPCs-some more helpful than others.  You've still got your basic dungeon campaigns, but you also get to explore wild forests, desert sands, and ethereal regions somewhere between earth and the netherworld.  Your choices of how to fight are varied indeed; you can choose to fight as one of five different hero types, each of which requires its own unique strategy.  I tend to stay with the barbarian because I find it the easiest to control (it's all about slicing and dicing).  If you want to use a lot of magic, you have to do a lot more clicking in order to change spells and refresh your manna-when you are surrounded by demons, this can get rather difficult.  The NPCs afford you a lot of choices in terms of armor and weapons, but of course you have to earn the cash to pay for the high-dollar stuff by slaughtering untold demon hordes.  The monsters you encounter in your travels are diverse and sometimes daunting.  You have to use a little skill (or a lot of luck) to defeat some of the premier baddies you will run across, but one advantage this game offers is the aid of a companion.  When the going gets tough, a partner firing arrows left and right can be a great help.  If you worry about the length of the game, rest assured that there is action enough to keep you clicking for untold hours.  There are four "parts" to the game (with very cool introductory sequences), each one featuring about 10 different areas and six significant quests.  Finishing the game will take some a lot of time and effort, but it can be done; as soon as you finish, though, you are ready to dive back in and do the whole thing all over again.There is only one negative thing I can say about Diablo II.  Death can find you very quickly, yet you cannot save the game as you go along and return to the exact same spot later.  When you load a saved game, you start at the central location of the region and have to make your way back the hard way to the spot you previously occupied-the status of your quests is unchanged, and you can still "see" areas you have visited, but it's annoying to have to trek through a couple of lands just to get back to where you already were.Diablo II is incredibly addicting; you may sit down planning on playing an hour or two, and the first thing you know you've been fighting evil for four or five hours (and you still aren't ready to stop).  If you enjoy online gaming, the danger of obsession only grows.  Blizzard's free Battlenet online gaming service remains the standard by which all other online gaming services are judged.  Blizzard does everything the right way, and Diablo II is a shining example of their commitment to the thoughts and desires of the gaming community.  Twenty years from now, I will still be playing Diablo II.prediction:4
reviewText:Wow! As of this moment I have finished the game on normal difficulty and am about halfway through it again on Nightmare difficulty. And having a blast.If you prefer deep, thought provoking games with amazing plot  twists and mind-bending puzzles, this is not the game for you. Diablo II,  like Diablo, is pure hack-and-slash-treasure-accumulating mayhem. It is not  intellectual, but it is great fun!The new character classes are unique  and interesting. My favorites so far are the amazon, since you can kill the  monster at range before it ever hits you, and the sorceress, because,  well... she has all that cool magic. I'm not so sure about the necromancer,  who runs around with dead things, but the paladin and the barbarian appear  to be great melee combatants.The new item system builds on the system in  Diablo. On top of stuff like 'Obsidian Amulet of Stability,' you can also  find set items, which are several items which, if worn together, have some  sort of bonus associated with them. However, it's difficult to put a set  together, and the bonus is not always worth the effort. Also, you can find  seven different types of gems, each of which can be one of five different  qualities (chipped, flawed, et al) Each gem gives a certain ability to a  weapon, a helmet, or a shield, including increased stats, increased  elemental defense, increased chance to find magic items.On the down  side, the game can bog down horribly, to the point where literally several  seconds can go by between your actions. There have already been two  patches, in the first two weeks, and rumor has it another patch is on the  way. The online gaming, via Battlenet is often down, and even when you can  get connected, there is often severe lag (on top of the slow down I already  mentioned), and often you will lose your connection.Overall, great game!  I highly recommend it. My only suggestion is that if you go on Battlenet,  try to keep your sense of humor.prediction:4
reviewText:I originally started playing this game so that I could do something with my sons.  Now I like it!  It is def. a very cool game.  I am not a hard core gamer and I find it to be challenging but not so hard that I am totally discouraged.prediction:4
reviewText:I'll start by saying this: yes, &quot;Diablo II&quot; is a good game, but no, it simply isn't where it should be: considering the huge hype and all that.The gameplay is still the same. You choose your character from five different classes, and than wear out two or three mouses as you battle your way to the Lord of Terror himself, Diablo. The most significant difference is the new character skills. You now how the ability to choose from a set of skills as you gain in level, and thus customizing your character to fit your style of play. The game levels have moved above ground, so that you can explore wilderness areas (but also dungeons). There's a weather effect which allows for rain and lightening. And there's different NPCs you can interact with and even hire to aid you. But other than this, the game is exactly the same.The graphics is the biggest let-down of the game. They're horribly outdated. The cinematic sequences, however, are the best I've seen. So if you don't mind going over the first game in a bigger scale, you'll probably be able to extract some excitement from the game.prediction:4
reviewText:Let's get one thing clear: Diablo II is nowhere near as good as Diablo 1. There are more reasons for this than I can remember, but I'll try to list as many of them as possible.First off, there's no way to save your progress through the game. All that you can do is save your character. When you reload the game, all of the bad guys are back. This gets EXTREMELY aggravating.Second, there's just too much stuff! Remember in Diablo 1, where there were a dozen kinds of swords and like a hundred different kinds of armor, not counting the two billion magical prefixes and suffixes and all of the Unique items? Well, that's ten times as bad in D2. There's twice as many different categories of items (belts? what the...?), and there are twice as many items in each category. It doesn't stop there, either: it is now possible for nonmagic items to have prefixes as well, and many of those prefixes mean the same freaking thing! A belt can be "poorly made," "low quality," "slightly lower quality," "chipped," "cracked," "rusty," "damaged," "even more damaged," blah blah blah blah blah umpteen et cetera, and it contributes absolutely JACK FREAKING SQUAT to gameplay! Diablo 1 had 2 different potion strengths: Partial and Full, and that was all you needed, but D2 saw fit to create five different potion strengths. You get the idea.Third, the outdoor areas are WAAY too freaking big. Even with Automap turned on, it's impossible to tell whether or not you've explored an outdoor area fully.Fourth, the new spellcasting system just doesn't make the slightest bit of sense. A Barbarian at a given level will have just as many magical abilities, AND be just as good at casting them, as a Sorceress on the same level! And how are these magical abilities acquired? Does your character learn spells by reading spellbooks, like in Diablo 1? No, they learn spells by killing things. Yup, you just go out and kill monsters, and you suddenly know how to cast fireballs. WHAT THE HECK KIND OF SENSE DOES THAT MAKE?!?Fifth, character classes have no maximum stats. This SEVERELY WEAKENS the distinctions between the character classes, and for those hackers out there, it makes it impossible to have a "maxed-out" character.Sixth, there's too much stuff! I know I've mentioned this before, but it's just wrong that you could pick up every item in the whole game and still only see a tenth of all the different combinations of non-magical items.Seventh, there's no more Apocalypse spell. Apocalypse was a cool spell that should not have been removed.D2 does have a few good ideas, though. Gems are very cool, but the fact that they come in five or six different quality levels, plus the fact that items can have widely varying numbers of sockets for them, only worsens the "too much stuff" problem. The Horadric Cube is an awesome idea, because it allows you to do really fun things. You put random things into it, and if you're lucky, they'll combine into something new! You can take 3 gems of a given type and quality, and the Cube will compress them into one gem of the next highest quality. Combine 2 packs of crossbow bolts to get one pack of arrows, or 2 packs of arrows for one pack of bolts. No one but Blizzard knows all of the possibilities. I also love the addition of "set" items, or in other words, unique items that power each other up as you find more from each set. Unfortunately, it is, for all practical purposes, impossible to find all of the items in any one set, leading to hours upon hours of frustrated searching. Let's see, I mentioned Gems, the Horadric Cube, set items... were there any other positive additions to D2? I can't remember any more...Diablo 2 can be fun and playable in its own way, but compared to Diablo 1, it's just horrible. There were too many bad ideas, and too many good ideas that were badly implemented. Don't play this game unless you've gotten bored with Diablo 1.prediction:4
reviewText:Overall Diablo II is a very fun, immersing game.  What it lacks in terms of a story is made up by the fantastic gameplay, great sound effects, and above average graphics.I believe that, if you are going to get the most out of this game, you should play it online.  Not only because of the other people that you can interact with, but also because you can level up much faster; assuming you have someone to help you through the game.  I guess I should first explain how you go about &quot;beating&quot; this game.  The first time you play through the game is known as &quot;normal&quot; difficulty.  After you complete this, you also have to beat the game in &quot;nightmare&quot; and &quot;hell&quot; difficulties.  Naturally, these are much harder than normal; and thus they require your character to be a higher level to have a chance.  Nevertheless, there is a way around this.  You can get a high level character to &quot;rush&quot; your low level character through the entire game; thus avoiding the tedious and time consuming procedure for leveling up.  After you are rushed through the three difficulty levels, then the best way to level up is to join &quot;cows games&quot;.  Basically, the designers created a &quot;secret level&quot; where you, well, fight bipedal cows with what look like pole-axes.  Naturally, the advantage to doing this is that you level up very quickly, as the cows, when killed, give out enormous numbers of experience points.  Thus, you can turn your low level character into a fairly high level one much quicker than if you went through all the difficulty levels yourself, killing everything and gaining experience points the &quot;right&quot; way.Naturally, nightmare and hell difficulties also have some &quot;other&quot; features that make them harder than normal.  First, in nightmare, your resistances drop to -20.  In Hell, they drop to -50.Resistances are just the defense that your character has against the elements.  Each one is ranked separately; so therefore you could have a resistance of 75 in fire but only 25 in Lightning.  At the beginning of the game you have no resistances at all -- you have to find armor or other things that give these resistances to you.  Also, you may not raise your resistances above 75 unless you have items that let you add points to your &quot;maximum resist&quot;.Speaking of items, they are the most important thing in determining how powerful your character is.  I've had characters that would be awesome (meaning they had the right skills and stat points) but they turned out awfully  because of my lack of good items.  Therefore, trading with other players to get what you want is very important.  This is accomplished by one player going up to the other (in a town area, where no fighting can happen) and clicking on them.  Then it will give them a message asking if they want to trade, and if they do then a screen will come up where you can both place items in.  When you're done putting your stuff down, then you press the little check mark (accept) button, and when you both press it, the trade will go through.  This system is great, since there is no way someone can cheat you out of something (unless of course you don't know what you're trading for, or what you have is worth; then they can obviously rip you off, but it will never be because of the trading system).The best part about this game, though, is the character development.  Literally every time you play the game your character could be a little different, depending on the way you allocate skill points, of course.  Basically, skill points enable you to pick what spells you want to develop.  Since you won't get enough skill points to develop every spell you want to, you may have to pick which &quot;core&quot; spells you want to develop.  This is why it is important to find out what spells are good before actually building up your character.  Although you'd think that all spells should be equally good, well, they're not.  For example, the level 30 Paladin skill (meaning you can't get it until your character is at level 30) Fist of the Heavens is just horrible.  It does barely any damage to the harder enemies in the game, and it only attacks one enemy at a time.  Trust me, in hell difficulty you need spells that affect more than one enemy at a time.  Also, in order to get to the level 30 skills, you may need to put points into a  prerequisite skill (or skills).  This is where the strategy of the game comes in -- you need to know not only what skills are worth investing points into, but also if they're worth spending all the prerequisite points just to get them.The one fault with this game is that there is a lot of slowdown (lag) if you choose to play online.  Granted, this is true with any online game, but because you can have up to 8 people in a game at one time (and you usually do, especially if you're playing Hell cows) then the game tends to lag.  This wouldn't be too bad, except for the fact that, if you die in Hell difficulty (and nightmare too) you lose experience.  Given that it takes more than three hours to level up when you get past level 80, losing experience can be a major annoyance.  I once had all my 45 minutes worth of experience erased because I got too close to a cow and then the game lagged.  Frankly, here I'm not blaming the lag, I'm blaming the game designers for putting that stupid feature in the game.Other than that, though, this game is wonderful.  It can be VERY addictive, however, so watch out.  Still, if you have the time to spend on it, this game can be a very rewarding and fun experience.  There's just no words to describe the satisfaction that you feel once you get your character up to the highest level that you've ever acheived, and that's really what this game is about; leveling up.  That may not sound that great, but after awhile the concept grows on you, and you get drawn into the great world of Diablo II.prediction:4
reviewText:Diablo II is simply one of the most addictive gaming experience you will  ever have.  Like Diablo, the interface is extremely easy to get used to, so  you can concentrate on your adventure without worrying about the controls.  Even though the graphics look much like the original, the art work in  Diablo is definitely praise-worthy.  Each act looks unique conpared to the  other ones. The five classes provide you with a wide range of abilities and  attributes to develop and use against the evil forces.  One major minus  though: unlike Diablo, you cannot really save in Diablo 2. When you do save  and exit, the monsters regenerate themselves.  This forces you to finish  the fight once you start it. Other than this inconvenience, Diablo 2 is  definitely one of the best action-RPG game ever.prediction:4
reviewText:Diablo 1 was fun and addicting.  However, with duping (the ability to duplicate any item in-game), everything got just way too easy.  You could beat Diablo without much of a thought as everybody had the most powerful of weapons.Diablo II is much more challenging as that bug has been resolved.  The graphics are improved and the ability to learn only a certain number of skills adds a real strategic portion to the game.The best thing is that the game is pretty cheap,and you can go and play with your friends online as much as you want.  That's right, no monthly fees... just all you can eat.I've created and built many high-level characters.  The game doesn't get boring in a hurry and I've found replay to be extremely high.  There are so many challenges and so many routes to go that it forces you to put a lot of thought into your character.After playing for several years, I think I'm going to "graduate" to World of Warcraft (also by Blizzard) which I've noticed is quite similar in many ways.  But I'm sure I will return to the world of Diablo quite often as there are still a few challenges left to conquer.prediction:4
reviewText:Okay. I was never a big fan of the first Diablo game. One dungeon. Many levels. Many monsters. Many weapons. Many left clicks. That was really it. The story was decent, but as far as &quot;engrossing&quot; RPGs go, it could've been a lot better.Along comes Diablo II, and I hoped it resolved the problems of the first game. First off, the graphics weren't really updated. In Act 1, the monsters looked bitmapped, and the animations weren't too hot. As the game progressed, the graphics got a little better, but still, I don't play games for the graphics foremost; it's the gameplay that counts. And again, this is where the Diablo franchise stalls. I like the 5 different classes; it makes for terrific replay value. But then again, when Icewind Dale, Planscape: Torment, and Baldur's Gate I and II are out there, do you really have time to go ahead and play the same game again as a different character? The skills were pretty cool and the plot was masterfully written and detailed in breathtakinig cutscenes. But something is missing in this game. I found some of the quests tedious and boring, without any real fulfillment when I completed them. It was like, &quot;go here, kill this thing, and come back when you're done.&quot; Still, I did find myself battling hordes of demons well into the night, so it did keep my interest, simply based on the fact that I wanted to kill the big dude at the end. I worked hard to build up my barbarian, and I wanted it to be all worth it. The different locations were nice, although slightly formulaic (desert, jungle, ruins, etc.), and the ability to customize your character was a breath of fresh air. NPCs were okay, as your interaction with them was limited to mostly gossip and a few quest checkpoints. But don't get me wrong: Diablo II is a nice game, and probably worth the money. But if you're looking for a real story with a &quot;true&quot; RPG feel (a la different characters in a party format), do yourself a favor and pick up Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale. But if you're into tried-and-true, mindless hack-and-slash, Diablo II is your game.prediction:4
reviewText:The Graphics are not the greatest anyone has seen, but no other game provides as many hours of fun as Diablo II does.  One of the real advantages of this game is you can just install it and play.  You don't have to read a book the size of "War and Peace" to understand how to play.  You level up at a rate that makes you want to never stop playing.  This game also has the perfect balance of Magic Items and different things to make you want to keep adventuring.  I've played it all the way through with every character class and enjoyed a different experience each time.  I bought the expansion pack and played each character through that.  I'm waiting for another expansion or something.  I just can't get enough of this game!  Every Blizzard game released is a good quality game.  If your sick of getting games that don't work that well or are full of bugs before and after patches are applied(ie Buldar's Gate, the new Pool of Radiance), you can find comfort in the fact that Blizzard doesn't release garbage software in a cool box.  They put excellent software in a cool box.  They also provide great quality FREE on-line play at Battle.net.  Blizzard is a top-notch company devoted to top-notch gaming software.  Blizzard is a member of an elite group of software companies that take pride in their products.prediction:4
reviewText:Wow that game is addicting!  I started playing and for some reason I didn't stop for like 2 months.  So much stuff in the game your head will spin.  Blizzard has really done it this time.  A little different from the original Diablo but its all good.  WOW!  And the expansion is wow.WARNING! Game is highly addicting.  ONLY play if you have a lot of time on your hands.  Friends and family may look at you and friends weird when you talk about it for hours so...BEWARE!prediction:4
reviewText:The story of the Lord of Terror continues with 5 new player classes, amazing spells and effects, an incredible musical score, and very addictive gameplay.The story begins on a darker note...the town of Tristram, the very location of the first battle with Diablo has been stricken with a terrible fate, as the very hero who defeated him seems to be harboring a great curse...and as he travels eastward, this 'Dark Wanderer' leaves behind him a wake of evil, spreading throughout the lands.Enter: The heroic Paladin, the mighty Barbarian, the mysterious Necromancer, the quick and agile Amazon and the elementally-powered Sorceress.  These 5 character classes each have 3 unique skill 'trees', all of which have powerful skills that your characters can perfect, which lends easy customization of your character(for example, you can have a Necromancer who is unmatched in raising the dead to do his bidding, or one that is a master of dark spells, or a mixture of both).  Tons of enemies block your path, with literally thousands of magical, unique, and 'set' items that players will find themselves hunting for throughout the game.  Battle.net capability makes Diablo II a very entertaining experience both off- and on-line.The Paladin is the definitive choice for those that want to lead a party.  With a tree of deadly attack skills, and 2 trees of 'auras' which enable the paladin to enchant himself and other party members with defensive or offensive abilities, he is a force to be reckoned with.  A great choice for those who favored the warrior in the first Diablo but wanted magical skills as well.The Barbarian is easily the most formidable fighter in the game.  Immense strength and agility make this character very hard to kill.  His skill trees include 'Battle cries' which can be used to power himself and party members, as well as cause damaging effects to enemies.  He has a tree of attack skills, which include the ability to 'bash' and knock enemies back, dizzying them, or leaping into a group of enemies with enough force to scatter them.  his third tree consists of 'Masteries' which allow him to increase his ability to wield sword, mace, and axe class weapons, as well as the ability to search corpses for potions and treasure.The Amazon is a quick and nimble warrior, with the mastery of spear and ranged weapons.  She also benefits from spiritual abilities and excellent attacks.  The perfect choice for those that were fans of the Rogue class in the first Diablo.The Sorceress is no different than the Sorcerer of the first game, save the fact that she learns her elemental magics: fire, ice, and lightning on each individual tree.  Players can choose to master one tree, or blend all three to have an excellent elemental warrior!The Necromancer is by far the most unique and mysterious of all the classes.  He has the 'evil' ability to raise the dead, making the corpses of his foes into skeletal slaves!  He also benefits from 2 trees worth of magical attack spells, which do incredible damage if trained properly.  However, the ability to raise undead minions to do your bidding is the best aspect of the Necromancer.  It may seem at times that you are being SWARMED by an unprecedented number of enemies on screen at once.  all you have to do is continue to train your summoning skills, and soon you'll have your enemies on the run with your own personal army of the undead!These 5 diverse classes alone are worth playing the game over multiple times.  When you beat the game, a harder difficulty opens up, and new, more powerful items and creatures are yours to discover!The cinematics are breath-taking.  Blizzard once again delivers by giving us excellent quality and story telling.  Each Act is followed by a cinematic that spans anywhere from 2 - 5 minutes long.  Some of the events that occur in these cinematics will send chills down your spine, especially the end of Act IV....The gameplay is VERY addicting, and you will find yourself looking at the clock and watching hours go by as if they were minutes.  There strange thing is that it is nothing remarkable...go, kill, do quest and gain experience.  Perhaps themost entertaining aspect is the multiplayer, which keeps the game going no matter how many times you've beaten it.  The bottom-line: GET IT.  You will LOVE it.  A great story, great voice acting and tons of items and creatures to discover make this game well worth your time and money!prediction:4
reviewText:DIABLO 2 can be summarized as "like DIABLO, but more so." DIABLO 2 has more locales, more varied scenery, more (and more elaborate) AIs, more control over developing your character's skills, more types of characters to play, better play balance, and so on.Like the original, DIABLO 2's settings are (mostly) randomly generated, so that with the exception of some set-piece areas (like the Skeleton King's lair in the original), no two games follow exactly the same map. DIABLO 2 has four acts covering 5 locales (including Tristram, the setting of DIABLO). Each act has very different climate/geography and monsters differing accordingly.You're following the trail of the Wanderer (the hero of the first game) as he locates the other Prime Evils, Diablo's brothers, before leading you into Hell and the final confrontation with Diablo himself. The settings in general have much greater variety and eye candy, and include outdoor segments as well as dungeon crawls.Act I is a generic-Europe setting, with a lesser-demon Level Boss rather than a Prime Evil. Act I most closely resembles the earlier stages of the original DIABLO, and contains references back to the original, as the player's task is to help the Sisters of the Sightless Eye. (The Rogue from DIABLO was a member of the order; your closest-equivalent player character in DIABLO 2 is the Amazon, who has a different backstory.)Act II is a desert scenario, with a sort of Egyptian flavor to the tombs, and a different, more formidable type of undead. Act III, by contrast, is a rainforest, emphasis on poisonous insects, water monsters, and fast-moving little AIs with blowpipe attacks. Act IV's revamped version of Hell is much more larger and elaborate than that in the original, with an assortment of demons and new attacks. The succubae weren't retained, but as a tradeoff Act I has hordes of renegade Rogues.Many of the AIs have been revamped to make them tougher and to give them more distinctive appearances. While the distinct colour schemes were retained, the details are more elaborate and they're tougher opponents. The carver-type AIs now include shamans, who in addition to their own magical attacks can raise the fallen. Animated skeletons on higher difficulty levels may now have mages as well as archers with them.That's one of the biggest changes from the original. Monsters not only regenerate after you've cleaned out a level (even lesser "unique" monsters, though not Level Bosses that have to be killed to end an Act), but many monster types can raise the dead or harvest energy from corpses. There are also delayed-action attacks, as poisons and antidotes have been added.Other changes from original:- Multiplayer and single player now use the same limited set of quests, rather than single player having a random selection of a larger set of quests.- Play balance on character abilities now includes active and passive skills, differing by character type. Not just any character can learn spells.- In addition to mana and life, player has stamina. While you don't have to eat or sleep as in, e.g. DARKSTONE, you either have to pace your character, stock up on stamina potions, or be content to move slowly.- In addition to Town Portal spells, each Act contains a set of fixed waypoints, and the player can return to earlier Acts if desired.- Towns are more elaborate. Apothecaries selling potions are now separate from magic sellers, and at least one NPC per Act can "gamble" with you. You can hire and equip NPCs who will follow you and fight what you fight. If they're with you, your experience points are divided with them, but they level up and become more formidable over time.Some lessons learned by the designers:- Local smiths can upgrade weapons, e.g. installing runes or gems in them. Partway through Act II, a quest item allows you to combine multiple gems of the same type to get a single gem of a better grade, so strategy is a factor.- In town/camp you have a chest in addition to the inventory on your character's person. Items in the chest are safe, but if you're killed and resurrected, anything you were carrying has to be retrieved from the body. Since you're fined a large amount of your total gold when you're resurrected, you're motivated to scavenge your own body anyway just to get some of it back.- Partway through Act I, you revisit Tristram and rescue Deckard Cain, who now has enough gratitude to identify items for free instead of gouging you.- Some unique items now come in sets (e.g. helmet, breastplate, gauntlets) that are stronger together than apart, and mostly effective for specific character types (e.g. bonuses apply only to a paladin). Strategy comes into play: is it worth saving an item in the hopes of acquiring the rest of the set?In summary: the thing I miss most from the original is the randomized quest mix on single player. The active/passive skill system is interesting enough to make up for restricting the player's ability to create super-powerful spell-casting Rogues and the like.As in the original, even in single-player a game can't be saved in multiple states; you can only have multiple characters working through different scenarios. In multi-player, items can be transferred between characters by drop-and-switch, but that's about it.prediction:4
reviewText:I read some of the reviews and most people said this game was okay, but  not as good as the original. Boy, were they wrong. This game far surpasses  the original Diablo to me. The levels are designed better and the quests  are more interesting to follow. The cinematic movies are to die for. The  graphics are improved a little from the original(For instance you can see  the items you are wearing). The only complaint is that there are a few bugs  in the game such as graphic slow downs, and I had to go to bizzard.com to  download a patch just to get the game to run on my computer. Other than  these few gripes, I am addicted to this game. Until I got Diablo II I had  no idea how fun RPGs are. Thanks Blizzard for another great game.prediction:4
reviewText:Unlike most pc gamers, I never played the first Diablo.  With all the hype and how much my friends enjoyed the first game, I figured this would be the game to buy.  Well, it is.  The fun and reaplayability factors definitely  make up for the less than stellar graphics in this game.  The controls and  gameplay are superb.  The sound and music is some of the most realistic  I've ever heard (except for some of the recent FPS games).  I haven't  played on Battle.net yet simply because I'm having too much fun playing my  own game and TCP/IP'ing with my buddies.  Me and my friends started our  game after we were halfway through with Act 1 in our own games, and we were  amazed at how much fun we were having even though it was our second time  through Act 1.  When you play online with others it proposes a whole new  slew of options like trading, etc. (teamwork!).  What makes the game so  replayable is that everytime you play it, it's different.  Even if you play  as the same character, you will end up getting weapons in a different  order.  The weapons and magic are just AWESOME by the way.  It's so cool  how killing the same enemies over and over (and over) again can be SO MUCH  FUN!  Usually I HATE normal RPG games, but this action RPG stuff is my bag  ... baby!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is the ULTIMATE game ever invented(other then Fable, but Im sure you already know I LOVE Fable, having read my other reviews). Diablo 2 Has soooooooooooo many good things about it, I dont even know where to begin. Actually, assuming you are a very busy person and dont have time to read CHAPTER BOOKS, I will just say this:play it yourself and see for yourself if this isnt the best gaming expierence youve had in your life. Trust me, If you get me started I wont even stop talking bout Diablo 2, dont believ me? just ask my poor sisters haha. But seriosly though, the best part of this game is the REPLAY value. On a scale of 1-10, the replay is 10000000000. Im serios and you dont even know(unless youve played it, then you probably do know) See ya later, reader, and BUY THIS GAME!!prediction:4
reviewText:It's funny how game developers strike on a theme or concept and consider it a gold mine. And like your average gold mine, it's used for a while, some times for years, but before anyone realizes it, it starts to run out. And so like many crazy miners, the game developers keep mining hoping to strike that gigantic hidden vein. Well, Blizzard hit the gold mine with original Diablo. I myself admit, that I stayed up for all hours of the night playing Diablo by myself, on my LAN, and on Blizzard.net. Shame to admit it, I played the game until I reached Hell, then replayed with different characters (Big whoop) and played again using the &quot;evil&quot; hackers tools (GASP!). So when Diablo II was announced, I eagerly awaited the release of the sequel. I announced my retirement from Diablo, ordered and got the Limited Edition of Diablo II and . . . was disappointed.Really disappointed. My first mistake was accessing Battle.Net the day of release, nay the month of release. Blizzard stress tested the new network for Diablo II due to a fundamental change in how network play is handled. Well,. . . They stress tested for 10,000 people. Well, 70,000 Limited Edition Diablo II's were printed on top of who knows how many of the regular edition and the server was crippled for several months. What did Blizzard think? That we would graciously limit ourselves 10,000 people at a time? (10,000 world wide if I understand the news wheel correctly.) Granted the change was for the best. I myself was getting annoyed by the vast number of Cheating Player Killers (CPK) using special software to &quot;survive&quot; anything. Many honest players were forced to use the very same hackers tools just to enjoy the game. The network was changed for Diablo II to prevent this type of cheat in an &quot;honest&quot; game. At least Blizzard didn't lose all of their brain cells. Blizzard did work hard to improve the AT&amp;T servers for game play and now thanks to their hard work server down time is somewhat minimized (albeit hardly perfected. We game players are an impatient bunch.)And now on to the graphics. Well,. . . The graphics are nothing new. Still problems with the Voodoo 2 series of the cards (under certain circumstances it appears that you are looking through a sheet of water.) Monsters are still ho hum, areas are um . . the same random maps. Not much difference except the &quot;bowled&quot; effect. Not sure why blizzard implemented this, perhaps to give the player a better &quot;perspective&quot;? Things kind of do look more &quot;distant&quot; as the object reach the edge of the screen. Whatever.Controls are the same. The game now makes better use of the keyboard however the entire game can still be played without ever touching the keyboard. Both points are good. I like the fact that belt items are a variable (4 for the first belt, 8 for the next belt, 12 for the next belt and so on and so on.) however, many may not like the newer compact look of the screen. They may not realize that this is by design to allow the player more visible gaming area. Item finding is vastly improved (how many times did we squint at the screen to find a stupid ring.) pressing a chosen key highlights the items for easy finding.Also, managing and using your character has never changed from the original. It's still easy to look at the farious stats and items that you have. However, I've never liked how much screen real estate this process has to take.I find that the characters are somewhat unbalanced for game play. I can't really decide if this is good or bad. It is clear that one character will certainly stand out as the best for player to player combat, not good. As well as another character will become the best for single player games and another will be the best for &quot;grouping.&quot; I do like the &quot;unique&quot; spells and abilities of each character. But is all this better than the &quot;vanilla&quot; characters of Diablo I? It certainly is, but by how much I'm not too certain.There really isn't much to say about this game. Giving or not giving a star for each quality, I rated the game like thus. One star for the solid, but very stock, graphics. One star for the extremely refined controls. However I have to force a loss of one star for the quirkiness of the battle.net servers. &quot;Is that fair?&quot; you may ask. Well, yes, You see, playing Diablo II by yourself is only 50% of the game. Playing online or on a LAN is the other 50%. Online play is such an integral part of the experience of this game that I feel that Blizzard's service should be included in the rating. Sorry guys and gals. I can't decide whether to give or take one star for the characters. I would rather give half a star but amazon doesn't allow that, therefor I'll be nice and round up. One star for the character selection and development. The final star goes towards overall addiction. This game is indeed addictive, however care should be exercised that boredom won't creep in. All in all, three and a half stars rounded up to four. This game needs to be viewed as an extension of the original instead of the a whole new version and your enjoyment will increase. The price is a bit high as of this writing but I feel it is worth the hard earned cash (or credit in our modern world).On a final note, (yes, I'm positive, no more paragraphs.) some of you may wonder why I don't always include music and sound in my reviews. It is because I am a part of the deaf community (although, I myself am not deaf.) I am keenly aware that deaf people often really don't care about music in a game so therfor I tend to leave those out. In case you are wondering, the music in Diablo II is far better than that found in Diablo I. Much more moody and awe inspiring, it certainly sets the pace of the game.Thanks for reading!TigerPommeprediction:4
reviewText:I have had my playstation in almost a year now and I had the Dual shock controller ever since I got my consol.I use it for all my games but I  think it is funniest to use in NHL 2000 from EA-sports. It is great that  you can feel that you are getting hit in the fights and that the controller  is really shaking when you have lost a fight. Furthermore the feeling when  you get a tackle on to the boards is quite funny.I have used the  controller for other games as well. And even though some the games are not  able to use the shock-function the controller is very good anyway.The  buttons are easy to reach, the analog control is well functioning and the  controller is nice to hold in your hands even when you have played for a  long time.All in all a good controller that can be used in all sorts of  games - but of course it is best in games which are enabled to use the  shockfunctionprediction:4
reviewText:This system is one of the greatest home consoles EVER made! No JOKE!!!!!!!!The controllers were and still are quite revolutionary, about 1/3 of the games were quality, and the graphics at the time were great.The system is durable. Not like the NES, or SNES or even the sturdy GameCube, but it is still solid in that regard.The games are the focus though.Anyone with some sense could enjoyPERFECT DARKSUPER MARIO 64MARIO KART 64POKEMON STADIUMPOKEMON STADIUM 2SNOWBOARD KIDS 2WAVE RACE 64GOLDENEYE 007MARIO TENNISMARIO PARTYMARIO PARTY 2MARIO PARTY 3STAR FOX 64ZELDA: OCARINA OF TIMEZELDA: MAJORA'S MASKTUROK 2JET FORCE GEMINIBOMBERMAN 64BANJO-KAZOOIEBODY HARVESTSUPER SMASH BROS.POKEMON PUZZLE LEAGUENFL BLITZ 2001 (the only REAL sports game I liked at the time!!)SOUTH PARKCONKER'S BAD FUR DAYFIGHTING FORCEIf I could stamp this system with a 6 stars out of 5 stars, I would!prediction:4
reviewText:My beloved N64.The console that ushered in a new era of awesomeness.In direct competition to the newly arrived Playstation.Funny how this whole thing turned out.According to gaming legend Nintendo were supposed to collaborate with Sony to create a new disc based console.That deal fell through and the Playstation was born while Ninetendo released the N64.Playstation ended up whooping Nintendo big time but it's funny how the roles have now reversed with the Wii and PS3.Anyway....The N64.Widely praised for a slew of stunning and ground breaking games. Mario 64, Zelda Oracina of Time and countless others made this a must own system.3D graphics that stunned everyone including myself.A legend in the gaming business.Sadly the system was also widely panned due to it still being cart based but who cares?Carts or cd's, what really mattered was the quality of the games.And as always Nintendo delivered.One of the best consoles ever and a must own.Highest recommendations.prediction:4
reviewText:So I got a N64 (on Amazon) about a year ago.  I've been wanting one since I was young. I love this old video game console!  I think it's a great system and there are fun games for it.  It's too bad that the old systems and games are forgotten as the new ones come.  I know the Wii is a great system (and the WiiU is going to be the best!!!), but the old systems are still fun. :)prediction:4
reviewText:This system is as good as any system out today. But that's if you are judging it by its games. The games are great! You can buy games from the mario and sonic series AS WELL as games about sports, starfox, and star wars. However, as fun and enjoyable these games are, you can't expect to play them with good graphics or online capabilities. But it still has the best graphics of its time. Also, since online capabilities for video games were "unheard of" in the mid-90s you can't blame the system for not having them. Overall, it is a great, fun, and durable system and is worth every one of its "five stars."prediction:4
reviewText:When this thing was new it was certainly all the rage, but its main rival, the Sony Playstation was still a step ahead no matter Nintendo did.  Nintendo releases games like Goldeneye and Starfox, two GREAT games, but then Square and Sony release Final Fantasy VII to america, which certainly changed things.  On specifics, the N64 is 5 times more powerful than the playstation.  But the N64 cartridges hold no where near as much space as the playstations black CDs.  Why Nintendo didn't bother to use CDs as they originally planned confuses many to this date.  CDs last longer, and in truth, are harder to damage.  A bad drop on a tile floor may send fragments of plastic and silicon from your &quot;F-Zero X&quot; could be all over the kitchen floor.  Nintendo did have one thing going for it over Playstation, remakes of classic games.  With the 8bit Nintendo, they started some great games out.  Then with the 16bit Super Nintendo, they made 16bit counterparts to the 8bit games.  Now with this 64bit system, they made counterparts to the 16 bit games.  This was their edge, and it made the system sell very well.  In the long run was this systems downfall.  Games are much harder to produce for N64 than they are playstation.  Even though it it more powerful than the playstation, it is still second to it.  What will happen soon, is anyone guess.  Nintendo next year will release their new Gamecube.  Gamecube doesn't play DVDs like Sony's Playstation 2, and it doesn't appear so far to be anymore powerful.  Playstation 2 will be hard to beat for one, as you can see by it's current demand.  It seems that Nintendo has become the underdog, with giants such as Microsoft entering the race.  Perhaps they'll pull through, its unknown.  Sega's Dreamcast is certainly on it's way down, it will not be possible to compete with the much more powerful Playstation 2 and Microsoft's X-Box, and possibly the morepowerful gamecube.  Word to the wise, if you're planning to buy a top of the line system, I do not currently suggest this system.  Dreamcast is a good bet for the buck, but waiting a while seems to be a wiser choice.prediction:4
reviewText:After years of coveting my friends Super Nintendo, I finally got my first gaming console. In the Christmas of 1996, the Nintendo 64 arrived.The Nintendo 64, or N64 as it is sometimes referred, followed in the wake of success of the first Sony console, the PlayStation, and started producing their games with 3D graphics. Instead of limiting the player to only being able to move forward and backward, or left and right, you could now move in all directions. This opened a portal for Nintendo to take some of their classic characters and put them in truly immersive worlds. For example, Mario was no longer a 16-bit side scrolling red and blue pixel, but a small Italian man with a healthy knack for adventure. Being able to see these characters up close and all around was something like we had never seen before. The result ended up being games like Super Mario 64, Star Fox 64, The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time and the countless hours and vivid gameplay that they would offer.With a very simple design and set up like the previous 2 Nintendo consoles (SNES & NES) the 64 was another cartridge based Nintendo console with no load times and generally easy maintenance (remember blowing into the cartridges and consoles?). The controller however, was something that was dramatically different from both previous Nintendo consoles. This controller offered an analog stick and more than the standard 2 or 4 buttons. The analog stick was great for the 3D games and made it very easy to navigate, however, after enough hours of play it stop working in one way or another.It's interesting to see how Nintendo has come full circle, evolving to something like the Nintendo 64 and in some ways digressing back to it's origins with games like New Super Mario Bros U, which is much like Super Mario Bros for SNES but with updated graphics and a few more tweaks.prediction:4
reviewText:I have had a N64 since early 1997. From that time until late 2001, I had purchased over 30 games. This system has served me well. In late 2001, I bought a Playstation 2, but it's nothing like what the N64 (was) to me. I would spend hours a day playing Banjo-Kazooie, Super Mario 64, Goldeneye, and others. And the games actully lasted long amounts of time. Sure, they didn't have as good cinamatics as the PS1 versions did, but they lasted long! For example, I beat Banjo-Kazooie in a course of a year and a half. Then I beat Spyro the Dragon in 3 weeks. See my point? So, even though I now have a PS2, it'll never, ever be anything like the N64, and even though they now have all these great new systems, N64 will always be the greatest.prediction:4
reviewText:Ok the graphics are outdated but who cares when it is home to one of the best games ever made...Zelda 64! That's right and many other hits as well. I have to admit I mainly bought this system because of the Zelda games but behold there are other great hits as well! I don't know what they are, but who cares! Who cares when you have a master peice to keep you entertained for a fairly cheap price!prediction:4
reviewText:This system had such a great variety of game...hell it almost beat PSX...N64 put simply...isA CLASSIC!!!!It came out with some of the most well respected games ever...Classics....Lets take a look at them...EXCLUSIVE N64 GAMES...Mario64Legend of Zelda:Ocarina of TimeConker's Bad Fur DayPaper MarioMario PartyDoom 64F ZeroPerfect DarkTurokTurok 2Turok 3Turok Wage warsA few Mortal Combat games....Duke Nukem:Zero HourLegend of Zelda: Majoras MaskOther Mario Pary games...Super Smash Bros.Duke Nukem 64..And more I think....N64 lasted very well....It had a great long journey of games....Never will this system be forgoten...But this system ain't No Dreamcast I can tell ya that but then again this system came out a few years before Dreamcast..Now If you're looking for the main N64 titles then I recommend..Conker's Bad fur dayPerfect DarkLegend of Zelda Ocarina of TimePaper Mario...F zeroSuper Smash Bros.If anyone is thinking of getting an N64 GET IT!  It has a great variety of games which got great Reviews....Conkers BFD got a 9.9 from IGN....Which is one of the most well Respected game site....Perfect Dark got a 9.9 from Gamespot which is hard to earn a good rank and Ocarina of time Scored a 10 out of 10 from numerous Game magazines and game sites...so Don't hold back on this system if you're thinking about getting one.But truly if you want the Greatest System ever then look for Dreamcast...which came out with some of the most unique games I've ever played....N64 is a classic that will never be forgoten and if you love Nintendo then GET THIS SYSTEM!!!!Long live N64.........Later...prediction:4
reviewText:just bought this system to go back to the 4 player classics such as Mario cart, Mario party, and super smash bros. I am a huge Xbox 360 fan and still love this system, but it is amazing how far video games have advanced in 10 years.prediction:4
reviewText:Nintendo64 may now be considered an outdated gaming system, but in my mind it will always be the best. Nintendo64 was the first system to introduce the joystick to the controller and has one of (if not the) best controllers ever made. This is the system that started the legacy of the James Bond games with Goldeneye, continued and enhanced some of it's Super Nintendo games such as Starfox and Mario Kart. This also brought such great strategy games as Starcraft and Command and Conquer to game console. It also made the legendary Legend of Zelda games superior even for modern times. It has made some of the best racing and sports games that never seise to entertain.  -In short- Nintendo64 is worth buying and I would even consider it over PS2 or XBoXprediction:4
reviewText:The N64 has some of the absolute greatest games ever made.  I love the look of it and the zero load-times of the cartridge games.  That being said, it has one of the most flawed first-party controllers ever made. I like the layout, but there seems to be a lot of friction in the analog stick.  Every N64 controller have ever owned has a significantly degenerated analog stick.prediction:4
reviewText:After the startling success of Nintendo's NES and Super SNES video game systems, they had a tentative agreement with Sony to introduce a disc-based console to the public.  When the deal fell through, however, Sony decided to create the Playstation while Nintendo stuck with cartridges for one more go-round.  The "battle" proved to be roughly a draw if you can remember back to the actual period and not just remember the Playstation hype.Back then, the console wars were all about two things: graphics and games.  Unlike today, where the graphics are so good that gameplay is brought into greater scrutiny, it seemed as if every game provided some new advance (or backpedal) in those two crucial categories.  Here is how the N64 rates:Graphics: Clearly, the Playstation seems to have had the advantage in this category due to the larger memory space of a CD-Rom than a cartridge.  However, I would also challenge you to go back and play that original PS and tell me it doesn't look a little, well, goofy.  It was almost as if Sony had this great new technology but weren't really sure how to utilize yet, packing their games full of crazy motion, wild colors, and fast-paced action sequences.  The N64 took a different approach.  The graphics were a bit blocky, but not nearly as "over-the-top" as Sony's.  Games like Mario, Zelda, Goldeneye, and Perfect Dark didn't have the sharp clarity of characters, but they looked much more "grounded", or realistic.  It just comes down to what looked better to you.Games: This is where the N64 had a huge advantage over the Playstation.  Mario '64, Mario Kart, both Zelda games, Goldeneye, and a few other "also mentions" (DK, Perfect Dark, etc.) all had huge fan bases that Sony just could not satiate.  The console wars hadn't quite devolved into "who has the best first-person shooter" yet, so gamers were still interested in adventure and racing contests.  Whereas Nintendo had all those classics, Sony's "hero" was Crash Bandicoot.  Yep.Thus, although the N64 might take a lot of flak these days, I just wanted to set the record straight that, in its day, it was still a quality system that competed tooth-and-nail with the original Playstation due to its grounded graphics and franchise games.prediction:4
reviewText:Let me put it straight for everyone. The Nentendo 64, (or N64 as I call it) was the greatest system of its time and then some. Not only was it's technology super advanced for its time, the game selection was outstanding. My mom and step dad bought me the system Christmas of 1996 with my first game being WCW vs NWO. I have had it ever since and still play it often and it has never had any problems with me. Thats almost 20 years of playing! Try doing that with a PS3 or 360.I have had many games, and wish I still had the original copies bought for me when I was young. But then the PS2 came out and I traded a lot of those games for Sony garbage. Some of the classic games I've owned or currently own were/areSuper Mario 64 (my original copy from 96, still works and by far on of the best games in history)StarFox 64 (second favorite, play it all the time still)WWF No Mercy (groundbreaking wrestling game of its time)Conkers Bad Fur Day (Most controversial game of all time until GTA: San Andreas)WCW vs. NWO (My first game and it still works great!)Star Wars: Podracer (this game is responsible for riding my motorcycle too fast)Star Wars: NabooStar Wars: Rouge SquadronExciteBikeTony Hawks Pro SkaterThe list goes on and on...Case in point, N64 = best and most reliable system of all time. There will never be another like it.prediction:4
reviewText:A colony has suddenly evacuated its cities in order to avoid the wrath of an angry Ozgar. The player's object is to locate Ozgar and stop him before he destroys this planet. The colonists have developed a remarkable technology for hypertravel from one world to another. Through the course of the game, the player gains control of this technology in order to find and defeat Ozgar.By virtue of this narrative, the player is afforded the opportunity to jump freely (after gaining the technology) from any of four worlds. The worlds are quite disparate and very beautifully rendered. It does take some time and effort to obtain the technology, but the process of doing so is engaging, interesting, logical, and rewarding.There are very few non-player character interactions. In fact, in most cases an encounter with another character usually means trouble--some encounters result in a sudden &quot;game over&quot;. This game, consequently, is a very solitary experience, with very little dialogue and with most clues being found intuitively and through exploration. I enjoyed this aspect of the game very much. Some reviewers have felt that the sudden &quot;game over&quot; encounters were unnecessary and distracting. Perhaps, but if you save often (as you should anyway), you can easily return to the gameplay, and the game makes it fairly clear fairly quickly that you should avoid ALL beings. Once the first serious encounter is made, the player is fairly well clued in that nothing about these worlds is particularly friendly.The scenery is just splendid. The worlds are very different--one lush and green, one arid and dry, one partially submerged underwater (and in which the player enters one building and goes several floors down beneath the surface of the water outside). The player's progress is extremely linear--most things must be done in a particular order, and in some cases the player may be significantly hindered if she has missed some element. However, the ease with which the player may jump from world to world more than makes up for the linearity. Exploration is multidimensional in this regard.Toward the end, I did find it necessary to go to a walkthrough online. The puzzles became to some degree inhibitive rather than contributing to the game experience. Once solved (by cheating a little), the storyline and graphics were rewarding enough for me to forgive myself my indiscretion. The final puzzle, I must agree with other reviewers, is unnecessarily convoluted and the end is rather seriously truncated. In this way, I was a little disappointed.I give this game four stars for its creative way of mitigating the problem of linearity by giving the player free rein (after gaining the technology) to explore several beautiful worlds; for its inventive artwork in rendering the worlds; for its pensive, solitary feel; and for its science fictional (as opposed to fantasy) concept. I give this game no more than four stars because I sense that it was cut short, because the linearity sometimes interferes with how much exploration the player may engage in each world, and because I felt it necessary to turn to walkthroughs in order to complete the game. All in all, I come away from The Crystal Key feeling mainly that I spent my time well in these worlds.prediction:4
reviewText:Finally I found a 3D commando soldier simulation with an interface that can be mastered in 2 minutes without sacrifizing realism.I love it. The graphics, the gameplay, the missions, the controls and different objects,  vehicles, weapons and so on.Four stars seems a little bit cheap for this  great game, but the fifth star is missing because I would have liked to see  a greater variety of campaigns, for example with different  identities/themes. But still it is worth every penny.prediction:4
reviewText:Well, this game is a ton of fun through 1-3 stars.  But after people start to get incredibly aggravated with your condo rates (even when the are so low you are losing money) and your cash starts going down the drain. But it is very addicting, so even when you lose you start right over again.  It's like suddenly zooming into one of the buildings that is being built in SimCity.  You start with nothing, except a few thousand dollars and an empty lot.  But as you build your tower up (I suggest leaving the basment levels for later because you will want them for cooler stuff later, like a subway) from a 1 star rating to a 5, you get many new features that improve your Tower.  Oh...but just to warn you, to change the price you charge for certain rooms, you have to click on every single one.  But besides all the cons it is really fun and should work on any Window computer, though you might need to change it's compatibility.  If you do decide to buy, good luck to you, and may your tower ever grow taller and a terrorist never put a bomb in your building.prediction:4
reviewText:The graphics are bad, there are plenty of bugs to go around, and in the end, there's not all that much you end up doing in the missions. But somehow, this game is super fun.Maybe its the fact that the graphics are slopped together to the point where you kinda think they're kidding around. The people off the city are all freaks, and you and they make all sorts of real noises. The noises the pilot makes when you walk towards water or near the edge of a buidling are hilarious.Even though, there's not really ALL that much to do in these cities, you probably won't notice it too much. All the stuff is pretty fun. You get to put out fires, rescue people, chase down speeders, etc. A fun little thing is that when you transport people, if you start to descend as fast as you can, the little displays of them in your chopper show them getting all flustered and scared. Classic.I wouldn't exactly say that this game is "so bad it's good", because it does have appeal. The gameplay is good for killing some time.I guess that's what this game boils down to. An extremely fun time-killer.prediction:4
reviewText:Years ago, when this first came out I was hooked.  Forming a online clan, we called our selves "sithlords".  We were fully committed to having fun.  Whats great about this game was the balance across the classes.  I loved it.  The story of the game was amazing as well.  Now I have no idea if the servers are still up for online fun but it was truely nice at one point in time.Great pick.prediction:4
reviewText:Definitely.  Most people will agree that Ultima 9 had the makings of being the best RGP of all time, if it weren't for the insane system requirements and the frustrating bugs.  So, how does the game play now that technology and patches have caught up?Well, almost exactly the same.  The game is still the most beautiful I have ever seen, even compared to today's standards.  Some FPS are put to shame, and no other RPG comes close.  The rendered backgrounds of Baldur's Gate are nice, but the 3D environments in Ultima 9 give you a sense of size and granduer that BG can never communicate.  The story is also fascinating and deeply satisfying, one of my top 2 RPG favorites.  The characters and themes are the most human I've ever experienced.  To see the already rich world of Britania made deeper and more wonderful (by a factor of 10, easily) is fascinating.The system requirements are still steep.  I have a P400, 256MB ram, and a Voodoo 5500 AGP.  I like to run the game on maximum settings with FSAA x4 (stunning, BTW), and it still chokes in a city.  Changing the resolution, turning off FSAA, or reducing the detail has no effect in the framerate.  Only by shortening the fog distance can I play effectively in a town like Britan.  I also tried playing with 128MB ram, and noticed no improvements when I moved to 256MB.  I would guess that 800Mhz CPU is the minimum required to really enjoy this game.  You can still play it on something slower, and still see the utter beauty of the game, but you'll have to fiddle with the settings often.Finally, unfortunately, the bugs are still there, although greatly reduced.  The game rarely crashes, no more often than most other games these days.  However, I did find a show-stopping bug where an NPC refused to acknowledge a quest I completed.  I couldn't continue, and none of my saved games helped (I had a lot of them).  I was forced to start over from the beginning, after making it halfway through already.  Infinitely frustrating.  I had the latest patch, too, and since Origin has stated that they will no longer be supporting the game, we can expect no more patches, ever.So now what?  If you are a big Ultima or RPG fan, and you have a system similar to mine, definitly get this game now.  Otherwise, wait another year and play it a 1.5Ghz machine with 512MB ram and a Voodoo 10000 - it will still be beautiful next fall.  But definitely play this game!prediction:4
reviewText:I'd highly recommend this game, but with one caveat: make sure you get the patch, and expect some troubleshooting even after you get the &quot;lastest, bug-free&quot; buggy version.The game itself is awesome, and has a very solid plot line behind it. The Avatar's voice sounds...  well, Grade-B acting, but the script is pretty good and largely to the  point. The graphics, which are generally excellent, get kind of choppy when  you're in town, however, so a high-end machine is recommended (I'm running  on a PIII, 450, 128ram). There are also plenty of well-done cutscenes (a  personal must-have) which keep you interested in the game and allow for  additional plot development.Don't expect flawless performance, but do  expect a great and enjoyable game.prediction:4
reviewText:Wing Commander: Prophecy is without a doubt one of my all-time personal favorite games for the PC. Aside from the fact that it gracefully and heroically retires Christopher Blair (Mark Hammil) from the series, the  game is an expertly crafted piece of entertaining with only a few  (stylistic) flaws. It also improves greatly over Wing Commander IV: The  Price of Freedom by making combat missions longer than the video cut  scenes, something that dogged its predecessor greatly. Prophecy has such  eerie underpinnings that work together with the game and live action  cinematics to make for an awesome story. It is also the start of a new  generation.After the defeat of the Kilrathi by Blair in Wing  Commander III: Heart of the Tiger, the Confederation finally has peace with  regards to their once feline adversaries and the Cult of Sivar. But there  in lies the crux of the matter for an ages old Kilrathi prophecy points to  a time when darkness will descend upon the universe and the Kilrathi will  die, bathed in their own blood and their once mighty claws no match for the  coming evil, a time that they call Kn'Thrak, (A translation that means  either `darkness' or `evil'). And it all begins with the destruction of a  Confederation survey ship analyzing the destroyed Kilrathi homeworld in the  Kilrah System by an unknown race.There Shall Come A timeWhen one who  has the heart of a Kilrathi,but is not Kilrathi born, shall  raincleansing fire down upon us,and Kn'Thrak, a time of great  darkness,shall embrace us.We are then taken to the TCS Midway, a  gargantuan super carrier that will be the focus of the game and your home  base for the duration. It is truly a magnificent ship and about the same  size as Darth Vader's Super Star Destroyer-about 8,000 meters in length. It  acts as a mobile base for the Terran Confederation and designed to be the  center piece of a larger armada. It is here that we meet Lance Casey-your  character-who is fresh from the academy and son of a famous TCN pilot. We  also meet up with old Wing Commander alumnus-Maniac (Tom Wilson) who takes  every opportunity to belittle Casey until getting his comeuppance in the  worst way and by numerous members of the Midway's crew.Basically  it's your job to figure out just who these new aliens are and what they  want. What they apparently want is to slaughter everyone and everything  they come across, which is great because that's why you're here! There are  heaps of missions here and they are all a great deal of fun. Missions range  from standard Combat Air Patrols (CAPs), to seeking out and destroying  capital ships, taking down freighters and search and rescue missions. One  of the most memorable moments of the game is a missile launch, especially  the Swarms, which leave twisting contrails as they streak off towards their  targets. Origin really did a fine job on the new fighter designs-they no  longer have the blocky, slab-like look that Price of Freedom had, but  instead have a more graceful, rounded look. Most of these ships are also a  joy to fly, conveying a great sense of speed and maneuverability, though  less so with bombers like the Devastator.Sid Mead (of 2010 &amp;  Blade Runner fame) was hired on to design the alien Nephilim/Phylum  fighters and capital ships, and produces true wonders! The fighters have a  beautiful aquatic-insectile look to them while the capital class starships  resemble nothing most people have ever seen. They are both fearsome and  invoke no small amount of curiosity from the player and made me want to  find out more about this dark and enigmatic race.Mission designs  seems to have been a priority at Origin, because they are expertly crafted  and bear much resemblance to Freespace 2, and lack the time-sensitive  nature that plagued many of the X-Wing &amp; TIE Fighter missions from  LucasArts. I also retract my title comment in my Freespace 2 review-Wing  Commander: Prophecy is as good a game. The missions take priority over the  cut scenes, the post flight ones become annoyingly repetitive, as there are  only 2 or 3 to see and you see them often. Beyond that this is Origin's  swan song as there doesn't seem to be any movement from them to sequel it  beyond Secret Ops which only adds new missions, good as they are. This is a  fantastic game-it both looks and plays great while possessing a solid and  engrossing story. Superb!prediction:4
reviewText:If poetry found its way into videogames, the result would be Planescape: Torment, the game with as much text as an encyclopedia... er, maybe that's not the best turn-on to this game.  There are a lot of reviews that would give away a few of the best moments to convey just how spectacular this game is, but I don't think even those spoilers could fill you in on how amazing this game is.  If I had to put it succinctly, other forms of media such as movies and books and music have had the capacity to change lives for years; this is, in my opinion, the first game that has that power.It's interesting that this isn't a game about combat; talking through situations will usually net you more experience than killing people left and right.  As an experience it is perfect from beginning to end, and even a decade later, and with Black Isle Studios closed, it is the only game of its type that I have ever experienced.Yes, it's old and the graphics are showing their wrinkles; the pathfinding will make you sigh in annoyance; there will be some crashes; it will need some patching; but this game is worth it and more.  I don't know if this sort of appeal works with gamers who are more interested in wiping out Nazis than experiencing a game that contains one of the greatest stories ever told, but it has great appeal to those who are ready to discover something astounding.  This is poetry.prediction:4
reviewText:best game since sliced bread.  Better than Ultima 7 or even 5.  Great grafix to boot.  The character developement is similar to 2nd ed except for wheapon prof and wisdom attribute's big debute for main PC.  The game deals with your lost memories and finding your way through dimensional gateways(aka Ultima, Dr. Who: Warrior's Gate, SG1 ect.)  If you don't know everything thier is to know about the &quot;rules&quot; then it's a lot more fun. the compainions are -holes I would've preferred the &quot;Kirk, Spock, Bones&quot; comradery in SOME of the characters as was present in Ultima 7(Shamino, Iolo, Dupre, &amp; Mr. A), but the skull guy is fun and your Undead so SoB compainions is appropriate I guess.  Don't let sum D&amp;D nerd tell you how to play, discover it yourself.  It also runs flawlessly on XP which is a huge + for a game of this age(1999 I think) patch to 1.1.prediction:4
reviewText:I was interested in &quot;Planescape: Torment&quot; because for years I've missed the thrills of playing AD&amp;D in my friend's basement.  15 years in fact, but I still remember the rules and the spells, the races and  classes, etc.I've played other computer RPGs (going back to Pool  of Radiance), but none really could bring back any of the real excitement  of AD&amp;D.  Happily, &quot;Planescape: Torment&quot;  does.Granted, it's not quite the real thing, but it's close enough  that I've spent many happy hours playing the game, working my way through  the remarkably interesting story, and enjoying the combat.If you  can't find the time or companions for some good old gaming,  &quot;Planescape: Torment&quot; is a good substitute.prediction:4
reviewText:I loved this game!I played it about 4 years ago. Black Isle strikes againwith a fantastic game ...You can only play one character (the nameless one) but he issuper cool. He NEVER dies! lol ... well he can but then he gets back up again and ready to fight again. So, you can't actually get killed for good in this game.You can join up with several NPC's, one being a floating skullnamed, Morte. He is very cool to have around and is very powerful in high levels. There is even a somewhat romance forthe main character ... she's got a tail (laughs) and she is very neat to have around.The graphics are superb, the storyline is one of the best I've seen and the combat system I just loved. Very easy to use controls and has dungeon crawl galore.It's been awhile since I actually played it, but if I remember right, you can play 3 different classes. A fighter, a thief or a mage. The fighter class is by far the best one to go with.You basically start out in a dungeon, lying on a hospital table, and then are greeted by Morte who will help you get started with how the game works, your fighting, journal, etc. He will then join up with you and help you escape the place. There is much to do right from the beginning, trying to escape. I don't wanna give away too much, because it is a very awesome storyline.I will add however, as the story unfolds your character finds out more about himself. Why is is there and what lies ahead for him. It's hard to explain, but I am sure you will love it.Give it a try, you will not regret it.Also has a nice modding community on sorcerers.net.BUY AND PLAY THIS GAME!Ciao.prediction:4
reviewText:Whoever doubts that computer gaming is an art-form should play PLANESCAPE-TORMENT.Words fail to describe the perfect symphony of brilliant ideas, emerging story-line, beautiful environments, mesmerizing music, fun gameplay and detailed coding that makes this game an unsurpassed classic!I have yet to meet anyone who has played it and not raved about it!NamelessOne and his companions are characters that will stay with you forever. The graphics may seem a bit outdated nowadays (they are the same as the first BALDUR's GATE, they share the same engine, Infinity); however, true RPG gamers know that graphics are not a self-sustained aim.THIS IS NOT A NEW GAME. So do not expect an exploding eye-candy or a fast-paced game (try YouTube to check out whether this may not be your cup of tea). One has to let himself immerse into the world of the Planes and the doomed city of Sigil. But their magic shall always stay with you.This used to be sold out game and could only be found in old stock houses and eBay. Count yourself lucky and treat yourself to this gem. Trust me, you have to have this one!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!prediction:4
reviewText:What would happen if there was a place where there existed a portal to anywhere you wanted to go, both real and imaginary?  You would find yourself in Sigil, the city of doors, deep in the center of the multi-verse known as Planescape; a place where the mere belief in something will cause its existence.  You play the role of 'The Nameless One' an immortal being with a touch of amnesia, in his search to find out about himself.Gameplay:Torment utilizes the Infinity Engine made popular by Baldur's Gate, yet it seems to be geared more toward the new RPGer rather than fans of BG.  The interface is probably, the only downside to this game.  Everything is accessed through a circular right-click menu that is accessed during a paused game.  Everything from talking to your characters, changing weapons, casting a spell and using special abilities is run from this window.  It's a good idea in theory, yet it tries to do too much with too little.  The original quick buttons found in BG were a much more efficient set-up.The game uses a slightly modified AD&D; second generation rule-set.  As with the interface, the rule set has been simplified in this game.  You have no choice to your starting character.  Simply put, you are the nameless - an immortal human male, who starts as a fighter.  During the game, you have the option of changing between your starting class of a fighter and a thief or mage.  There's no dual-classing, switching to another class is like building a new character, yet switching back, you will find all your previously earned experience saved.  Your available party members are not only locked in whatever class you find them in, but are, for the most part, locked in their weapon and armor choices.What makes this game one of the better RPGs on the market is the story.  In your quest to discover yourself, you learn about the story and concept of the planeworlds, an interesting universe where belief is very fabric of being.  Though it introduces the player to the world, the story is very linear and you'll find yourself without much choice in the matter besides your decision to play good or evil.Graphics:If you've played any of the Black Isle games on the Infinity Engine, you'll be very familiar with the sights and sounds of Torment.  It's a bit more zoomed in than the others, and that can lead to confusion when trying to cross long distances without the use of your mini-map.  But for being 5 years old and only 800x600 it is very artistically done.  A lot of work was put into creating a town that looks and feels like it could be the center of the universe.  Besides the obvious, the game has aged very well.Sound:The ambient music is excellently done, as well as the voice acting.  The biggest problem is in the game's EAX manipulation.  If you have this turned on, you'll be hard pressed to hear the voice-acting in any outdoor or cavernous scenes as it just blends into white-noise.  Besides that, the only annoyance comes with the apparent necessity to have your characters have a voice prompt after they do *anything*.  After you've heard one of your character announce they have stealthed for the umpteenth time, you'll be hoping to never hear it again.Overall:While it's a fun game, it's not quite my cup-of-tea.  Your character is immortal, you die and wake up somewhere with your inventory intact.  For the most part, you can go around with your level one thief and try to take out City Guards with no side effect.  The game is just too easy, even at the hardest settings.  Add that to the severely linear gameplay and at times it becomes a little slow.  It's your typical quest driven RPG without much in the way of side quests.  Luckily, you have a variable alignment which can change depending on your actions,  and that adds a little to the mix, but not enough.  If the story wasn't as well written, then this game would have been a flop, so pick this up as a nice interactive novel, but don't expect a second play through unless the best RPG you've played before this is FF.prediction:4
reviewText:.... For anyone who hasn't played this game and is looking for a good role-playing or adventure game, I can highly recommend this game. There is little I can say that previous reviewers have not already covered, but Planescape is an excellent example of what a role-playing game should be. Even though the graphics are no longer on the cutting edge, the game itself easily stands the test of time.Planescape: Torment represents a fantastic creative achievement, with a strange and twisted land that has been painstakingly fleshed-out for gamers to explore. The game world features an astonishing number of areas to explore. It is also very flexible -- there are many ways to accomplish tasks, from using force to smooth talking to magic means. You can choose to be evil, cruel, or callous. Perhaps you'd rather be benevolent, helpful, even generous. Unlike most role-playing games, you don't have a fixed class and you do not choose your own alignment. Your actions determine your alignment over time, and you can change your class at will. The result is a very rare game that gives gamers a real opportunity to role play, one where characters react to you based on what you've done in the past. And the story itself is absolutely compelling and fascinating, a story so complicated that one playing will not be enough to reveal all its subtleties.This game is not as well-known as Black Isle's more popular Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale series, but it may actually be the best of the bunch. It should easily run on all but the very slowest computers. I can go on and on about how good this game is... how good the voice acting is, making the characters seem even more life-like... how original the game world is... but you should find out for yourself. If you're a fan of role-playing games, you should not miss Planescape: Torment.prediction:4
reviewText:Over a decade old, still one of the best games I've ever played, *and* one of the top 3 stories I've ever read. That's right: read. The game's vivid, engrossing writing draws you in the way games with full voice acting often fail to do, and leaves an enduring impression on you.I really can't add much more to what's already been said, but like a former reviewer stated, one might ask oneself how an old and admittedly graphically dated game is still getting 5-star reviews. I take it it's the formula of a superbly fleshed-out world, memorable characters, engaging voice acting, a twisting and turning plot, and rich visuals.With a wardrobe full of style and more substance than you can shake an Entropic Blade at, Planescape: Torment is a classic that transcends the borders of gameplay and becomes a masterclass in storytelling.prediction:4
reviewText:I played this for a long, long time way back on the original version I purchased when it came out.  I don't know what became of that original copy, but I was overjoyed to find this republished here on amazon.com.  There are places in this game that stick in my memory - the dead city buried under Ragpicker's Square, Curst, and the Fortress of Regrets.  The wonderful city of Sigil that seemed to possess so many dark corners and odd inhabitants from all corners of the multiverse.  There was something vastly different about this game, something that set it apart from the wonderful BGII and other games of the day.  There is even something that sets it apart from the games of today, such as Dragon Age and Oblivion.  Granted, the graphics are aged, but still catch the eye.  They possess an art style that still makes them intriguing.  The depth of ideas, philosophy and wonderful fictional history floating within the text conversations that frequent the game is what sets it above most of the RPGs of years gone and even the ones of today.  Upon playing it again, I am enjoying it immensely, but find myself in a way rather sad.  This game was a pinnacle from back in the day, back when you spent hours delving into conversations and puzzles trying to find the next step to solve the riddle of a man, your immortal protagonist that ever struggles to find his scattered memories.  However most of what is produced today doesn't seem to come close.  I found I greatly enjoyed Fallout 3, a wonderful example of depth with improved graphics.  But discouraged with the linear fare typical with many console/PC games, such as Dragon Age, Mass Effect, and the latest FF offerings.  It would be absolutely killer if someone revisited Planescape with something akin to Fallout 3.  Alas, it will probably never happen.  If you like RPGs however, I highly recommend you snag a copy of this gem while it is still available.  One of the finest examples of the genre out there.prediction:4
reviewText:I have to admit, I was a bit concerned at the outset; aside from Lords of Magic, I've never been too big on games where you control only one character in your party, and the lack of ability to select an original class had me a bit worried. Wrong I was. This is definitely a keeper.The premise is a bit like that of the film Mirage; your character wakes up, with no memory, and has to figure out where he is and what he's doing there. The &quot;where&quot; part comes along pretty quickly; he's in Sigil, the home of plane-hopping extraterrestrials and weird beings from other planes. The &quot;why&quot; is the true meat of the game, and it's quite nice that while the developers were working so hard at tweaking the game's responses to be tailor-made to your character, they didn't forget to include a plot compelling enough to bring players back to the game day after day.If you haven't picked it up yet, especially if you've played the other games using the Inifinty engine, give it a shot. It's different enough from them to hold your interest but similar enough that your learning curve should be next to zero.prediction:4
reviewText:What kind of game can you write a paper about for English class, and still get a perfect grade on the paper?  This kind.What kind of game will have you thinking about it and replaying it for years at a time?  This kind.What kind of game will leave you literally praying for another game that rivals it?  This kind.Most of Black Isle's games were really good, but Planescape: Torment is nothing short of a masterpiece.  The lush gameworld, the extraordinarily intricate character interaction, and the terrific plot are all things that we have seen before and are likely to see again.  But, Planescape leaves you with something even more than a pleasant gaming experience; it leaves you with an entirely new perspective on life.  Without being brazen about it, Planescape demonstrates that tiny actions, miniscule decisions can change the nature of the universe; it also shows the affects of what I believe to be the most painful emotion within the human experience, regret.  At the same time as all this, Planescape is successful at being a remarkably good game, and it isn't preachy at all (in case you're worried that philosophy will override entertainment).This game is close to godliness; definitely my favorite game of all time.  Highly recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:Toy Commander is a very interesting game in that it's a lot more fun than a cursory glance would cause you to think. The game's singleplayer has you take control of various toy planes, helicopters, cars, tanks, etc. completing puzzles against the clock across a bunch of different levels across different rooms of the house. The puzzles range from "destroy all of X" to "get item X to location Y without being killed." The levels are all fun, mostly because while for each room of the house you're in the same basic area, the levels each use the areas differently and restrict you in different ways, so it feels like playing in a completely different area every time. If you complete each level in a room under the suggested time, you'll unlock the boss of that room, however the game doesn't force you to do so. You can unlock the next room simply by finishing all the levels with any time. However, when fighting the final boss you can only play as bosses that you have already defeated, meaning that if you skipped all the bosses you can't finish the game. It's a great way to get you to go back through and really think about your strategy in the levels.The multiplayer is different, but also just as fun. It gives you a few basic gamemodes, like deathmatch or capture the flag, but the most fun I had in multiplayer was just messing around with my friends in the different rooms. What's great about it is that the rooms all have these hidden passageways or different ways you can interact with them, such as turning the lights on/off, destroying objects, etc., that you wouldn't notice otherwise. My fondest memory is playing in the living room and greenhouse level and pushing the pool balls off of a ledge and into a fish tank.Basically, this game is a whole lot of fun, and is a great way to use your imagination in a game that's based on using your imagination.prediction:4
reviewText:I've played almost every flight sim available today, and some that are so old that they haven't been available in years. I have hoped and  waited for Microsoft to release a Flight Simulator program that not only gets the flight dynamics of a real plane correct, but also gets the  graphics up to par with some of the other less realistic simulators (combat sims mostly). Flight Simulator 2000 disappoints again. I am  running a very high end system with a very powerful video card and the graphics on this game still are bad. When you look out of the  sides of the airplane (left, right, back, etc) the program requires 'loading time' in order to render the cockpit art. Totally unacceptable in  my book. No amount of settings adjusting could correct this on my computer.If the largest software company in the world is going to release a program, and charge 50 bucks a pop for it, I think that the graphics  should not only be adequate but should absolutely kick some behind! Flight Simulator is a serious disappointment in that department.The dynamics are interesting. I guess if all you want to do is look straight ahead and instrument fly you are in luck here because the  dynamics seem to be fairly realistic. The adjustable difficulty settings are nice and the variety of airports to take off and land on are a nice  feature as well (though there isn't much difference between runways as far as particular problems in approach are concerned, because the  MS flight sim world is COMPLETELY FLAT).Poor showing Microsoft. Hire some coders who can make the artwork something other than ameturish and you may just have something.  Look to some of your competitors work for an example, or take a ride in a real plane and make an attempt to recreate not only the way  it handles, but how the world really looks and what it is like to turn your head around in a cockpit. I guarantee it is nothing like FS 2000.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best flight simulator Microsoft has ever produced, there no doubt about that... Excellent graphics, new features such as GPS navigation, more airports worldwide, better weather system, and easier to  use. There is a downside to all this I think the consumer should know. The  speed of the game is NOTICABLY slower compared with MS FlightSim 98 and  below... Very glitchy all-around. I could not seem to speed it up (usually  averages around 20 frames per sec) even with setting the detail settings  lower. To put it in perspective, I have a PII 400mhz computer with 192mb of  ram and a 16mb 3dfx Voodoo 3d accelerator card. I even bought the  accelerator card to see if it would speed it up... it barely does! I am  recommending anyone who wants to buy this program and likes a fast,  non-glitchy game to be aware that if your computer has a processor below  300mhz, you will not like what you see... Microsoft says that you must have  a 166mhz minimum! HA! You wouldn't even be able to fly the graphics would  be so slow.To recap, If you want the game to run smoothly, you should  atleast have a 300mhz PII system with atleast 32mb of ram and I would  recommend getting some kind of video accelerator card (if you dont already  have one, and if your serious about performance).  If you just want to  play and don't really care about the slow speed, go with Microsoft's  recommendation about having a 166mhz processor system or higher. It will be  very slow but will work.Overall, this is a very good game and would  recommend for anyone! Also makes a great gift.prediction:4
reviewText:When I bought this game I got cought up in it for a week.  People are complaining that it didn't run good on there system.  Thats because they have a PII processor.  PCGAMER magazine said that if you have anything worse than PIII 450 128mb ram than it won't work good.  That is true it  works grat on a PIII but the game is not optimxed for PII.  I have a PIII  600 128megs of ram and the best graphics board and I installed the 300mb  Compact install and it worked fine.The MSFS2000 Pro edition is worth the  extra buck. The extra aircraft are -Beech King Air- 2 engine turboprop.  -Concorde- Mach 2 SST(Super Sonic Transport). -777 300- 2 engine jet  transport. -Moony Bravo- 1 prop speed craftIn this game you can for the  fist time (in 17 years of MSFS) fly from city to city in GPS  mode.Pros-Great game, excellent aircraft. Cons-Need joystick, Bad sys.  requirements Bottom line-Best non military flight sim if you have the  speed.prediction:4
reviewText:Age of Empires: Age of Kings, is definately one of the better realtime stratagy games on the market at this time. The graphics are very good, giving the game a fun edge to it that will keep you hooked as you play. There are many modes that you can play, either start your own war, trading with your allies, and battling your enemies. Or protecting your king and defeating all of the other fiefdoms before they destroy you. But you can also play as Joan of Arc, or Barbarossa, playing missions and liberating France. This game is fun, but it does have a few drawbacks. Alliances with people are hard to keep. The gameplay is a little difficult, making you keep an eye on 15 places at once. Also, as your town progresses, you can make your town better by moving forward in &quot;ages&quot;. There arent nearly enough of these, more would make the game more inviting and fun to play. Also there is not nearly enough different types of weapons (ie. soldiers, calvary..etc) But, this game is definately engaging, and could easily pass a few hours of boredomprediction:4
reviewText:This is one of my favorite computer games around. The graphics are great, and the gameplay is terrific. I love all the different empires you can control, everything from British to Chinese. The strategy is much the same  as the first installment of Age of Empires, but if it ain't broke don't fix  it. Lots of fun with this one.prediction:4
reviewText:It's a LOT like the first game, which was great, but I would have preferred it if we had been given more technologies to research. All the discovery seems to be over a bit too quick before each game boils down to the standard 'smash the enemy to pieces' part. In this respect it became quite repetitive, especially when you consider how long it takes to get a good game going. The only alternative is to try out different civilizations, and only then it's just the architecture that's different.I do like this game a lot but I just wish for a bit more diversity and more surprises in the next one (as inAge of Empires III, notAge Of Mythology). I've not played the expansion pack yet but if it gives us more to work with then I'll definitely check it out.prediction:4
reviewText:Microsoft generally isn't the first company that you think of when you are looking for a strategy game.  But after playing Age of Empires 2, you will definitely keep them in mind.Age of Empires 2 is a real-time strategy game that puts you in control of a medieval civilization as it advances in technology, military, and economy.  Victory is acheived by crushing your enemies, allying with victorious factions, or by constructing a Wonder of the World.  The selection of cultures is impressive and includes the Goths, Britons, Japanese, Chinese, and Persians in addition to several others.  Each culture has its own technologies and unique units, such as Viking Longboats or Persian Elephants.  The single-player scenarios allow you to become legendary heroes and conquerors such as William Wallace and Joan of Arc.This is one of the best real-time strategy games available and its multiplayer scenarios will keep you coming back again and again.prediction:4
reviewText:Age Of Empires 2 is a masterpiece. Regardless of any complaints anyone has made about this game, there is no arguing. This one of the most fun, addictive, and satisfying games ever made.You can play it for months. I played it for over a year, then came back and played it for another year. It's probably the most addictive game I've ever played. Not Mario, not Zelda, not the great Doom, not Quake or Half-life or Warcraft or even Grand Theft Auto has ever had me as hooked as this game. Microsoft and Ensemble Studios hit the nail on the head with AOE 2.The sequel to Age Of Empires keeps everything that made the first one great, throws away almost everything that made it bad, and throws an amazing, revamped user interface that gives the player god-like power if used expertly.The different civilizations are fantastic. The advantages and disadvantages of each one make the game interesting and balanced, although some civilizations are better (overall) than others. I mean, really, who doesn't love (and equally hate) the Longbowmen? The War Elephants? The Woad Raiders? The Throwing Axeman?The units are the best part of the game. Except for the paladin and scorpion wipeout trick, the unit balance is superb. The naval battles are amazing, with fireships, ballista ships, and even ships that launch cannonballs.There are more buildings, tons more upgrades, and a brand-new unit I like to call the x-factor: the trebuchet. This is one of the units that makes AOE 2 a true delight. As built up as a city can become, it can be destroyed in minutes with enough trebuchets.The multiplayer aspect of this game is what solidifies AOE 2's standing as one of the best games ever made. It is surreal. I've had 12-hour multiplayer sessions many times. You just don't want to stop. It's so fun!!! It's madness!As far as challenge goes, you'll get all you want. Just try beating the entire game on the hardest difficulty and see the headache you get. And if you get through with that, buy the expansion pack and eat your heart out.Buy this game! Play it until you're sick of it! That probably won't happen, but even if it does, when you come back from your break you'll be twice as hooked.Ha!!! The memories I have of this game! Man, this is the best!prediction:4
reviewText:I've had this game for a week. I finally picked it up, played it, and explored the game a bit. I'm still learning the game, but here's the story how it is so far.The game is excellent. Plenty of depth, fun, and many different units and buildings. Each building has specific functions and people it can create, making the game all the more intricate and exciting. You can research &quot;new&quot; technologies and go from the Dark Age through the Imperial Age. The game is a non-stop blast.But wait...it is much more fun to play on the MSN Gaming Zone. You can actually talk to your ally(allies) and chat and trade resources, make strategies, etc. You can't entirely do this with the computer. I love playing with other people, because it adds that much more excitement. Here's how to play with other people via the internet:Go to zone.msn.com..... Click Sign In. If needed, get a free MSN passport. Next, in the games list, click Age of Empires II. It will ask to install the MSN Gaming Zone. Click yes. After it's done, click Age of Empires II. Select a game room (I preffer Hunt the Royal) and you'll see big icons for various games. Click Join on one game room. When the host is ready, the game will be launched, and you'll be ready for some fun. *Make sure you have Age Of Empires II in the CD-ROM drive when you go to the Game Zone! Happy conquering!prediction:4
reviewText:I had been a die-hard fan of AOE for about a year and a half before AOE2 hit the shelves. I didn't pick it up until about March but I loved this one twice as much as the first and here's why: (1) Unlike the first, AOE2  offers you the ability to garrison units which is great for an ambush. (2)  AOE2 also offers players the ability to place units in formations such as  the box, staggered, etc. (3) New scenarios which actually help players  learn to craft and fine-tune their skills. (4) The ability to save a  multi-player game. How many times have you been in an awesome two hour game  when something comes up; no more. (5) Great new customizable scenario  building tools that make it more fun then ever. (6) Castles, Unique Units,  and all the other new buildings and techs. (7)Trading from the market- a  simple way to trade for that 200 gold for the easy castle from the feudal  age. (8) Recorded games- a great way to fine-tune your skills by learning  from a master. (9)More Random Maps for total playability. (10) Right-Click  farming, ah, that is what get's me on this game. Before you had to click a  villager click the build, etc. No more! Just right-click the farm, saves  you plenty of much-needed playing time. Age of Empires 2 outdoes its  predecessor by far and becomes highly addictive and playable day after day  after day.prediction:4
reviewText:For my money, this is the finest strategy game on the market.  The balance of the various kingdoms is far better than in the original, with all empires having serious strengths and equally devastating weaknesses.  One  must learn the value of combining force types into effective mixtures of  defense and offensive units to even have a chance at success.  The serious  player will probably take something on the order of a year to master the  game, because the complexity level is so high.The campaigns on this  sequel are of a much hgiher caliber than those on the orignal, so  single-player use is very much improved.  In fact, the campaigns are  actually historically accurate, unlike those in AOE.  Indeed, the  historical section on the CD is fascinating reading in and of itself, and  will please those who love the time period, as well as the tactical  problems involved.AOK's real strength, though, is like that of its  predecessor:  the game's extreme playability over network.  I heard that  AOE was the most popular network game ever, and there's no reason AOK won't  follow in its footsteps.  This is GREAT stuff to play in real time with  others.  Be warned, though:  players in Microsoft's Gaming Room are  ruthless to the novice.  Don't even think about going online until you've  gained a level of proficiency playing by your own.  And take the time to  learn the keyboard shortcuts:  you'll need the time it saves.For most  games, I think that strategy guides are a wimp's way out, but with AOK, I  highly recommend the Ensemble Studios' guide.  It's invaluable to improving  the quality of your game-playing experience.prediction:4
reviewText:Age of Empires 2: Age of Kings is interactive game corresponding to the Medevil times when the powerful Roman Empirer Fell, and the world is up for grabs. Microsoft did all out job putting this game together. It has wonderful graphics and it doesn't take much space in your computer. I shouldn't be talking I have an Windows XP but it can prform on even the oldest computers. It has William Wallace, Joan of Arc, Genghis Khan, Saladin, and Barbarossa all historic war leaders of that time, and you can control some of the most powerful civilizations like the Franks the Japanese, Byzantines, Vikings, Mongols, Celts, and more. You can choses your own destiny. You can be a little Napoleon. Will you be a hungry war monster? Remember this the best simulation of the medievil times.prediction:4
reviewText:After countless hours of frustration and disappointment with Ultima Online and EverQuest (although UO still retains a great deal of potential), Asheron's Call was a great relief.One of the best features is that the  monsters aren't &quot;typical&quot; sword 'n sorcery fare. In other words,  don't come looking for orcs, goblins, giants, etc. While the bestiary of AC  obviously derives from these fantasy fiction archetypes, it develops them  differently, adding to the strong sense that one is truly in an  &quot;unknown world.&quot;AC is a bit quiet as far as ambient sound  goes. Honestly, I like that. I usually listen to music while playing and  this arrangement suits me just fine (and for any veterans of EverQuest,  it's certainly nice to not dream about that incessant and irritating gnoll  barking).The graphics are a bit basic, but again, I find that a likeable  feature. And if nothing else, it shows that the game developers and  programmers are more concerned about the FUNCTIONALITY of the game than the  appearance. However, the environment (and most especially the night sky)  are detailed and quite stunning in their own right.This MMORPG is also  excellent for the casual player (such as myself). Other games requiring  endless hours of sitting, practicing skills, fighting, etc in order to make  the smallest headway. AC's rewards are more commensurate with one's  efforts, and those rewards are satisfying.AC is admittedly not for the  power gaming types, although they are there. Since I'm not a power gamer, I  feel more comfortable with the people online there and have a much better  online role-playing experience.prediction:4
reviewText:Hamha!  I think this item will allow you to save in any title of your choice.  Here's why:1.  It holds 100 save files at one time.  For any title that you save with this card, it takes up only 1 file, but you can have more files of the same title (like The Legend of Zelda for example, which can only hold 3 save files on 1 cartridge).2.  The button located on the top of the memory card opens up a special menu that allows you to save/load your files, but only if you have the appropriate title inserted into the slot.  However, if you load a save file with the wrong title inserted into the slot, an error message will read, &quot;Cannot load this file&quot;  For example, if you insert the Hamtaro:  Ham-Hams Unite cartridge into the slot, and loaded a Pokemon file, the message will read, &quot;Cannot load file POKEMON.something&quot;.3.  If you're close to the end, but are unable to save, this card will solve your problem.  Just pause it, open up the menu, save it, turn off the power, and do something for a while.  Once you've done all this, if you insert the cartridge that won't let you save into the card slot, open up the menu, highlight &quot;Load&quot;, select the correct file, and exit the menu, voila!  You'll be able to continue at the point where you left off.I hope this is helpful for you.  Just be sure to read the manual carefully and test it for a while on almost every title that you own until you know how to do it right.  Once you do, you can have plenty of fun using it on titles that require the following:  Passwords, battery back-up, or none of the above.  Tell your friends and share it with them.Be aware that this card requires batteries to operate, so use it wisely.  Goodgo!prediction:4
reviewText:Now this is gonna sound complicated: all Final Fantasy games were released in Japan first(and still are) then they come here.  Well back when we had NES/SNES,  they released Final Fantasy 1, Final Fantasy IV, and Final Fantasy VI and renamed them to 1, 2, and 3 respectively.  So once Final Fantasy VII(probably the best RPG ever created and I don't throw that around lightly) came out in 1997, people went "whoa, 7? what about 4 to 6?" Enter Anthology, Chronicles and Origins and the recently announced Final Fantasy III remake for the DS. This review deals with Final Fantasy Anthology, containing V and VIFinal Fantasy VStory: Bartz, Reina, Garaf and Faris have to take down X-Death(dumbest FF villain name ever) from controlling 4 crystals. Maybe it's my status as a post VI-player but it must've been irritating saving those damn crystals over and over.Graphics: They're pretty standard really, I mean this is the Super Nintendo so they're not great, even for SNES standards. The FMV's of course are cool.Music: Pretty good but not spectacular like IV or VI.Gameplay: It excels for one reason: The Job System. For the first time, you can customize your characters rather than just being one particular class. Master one job, move to another. The story is eh, music's ok, but play it cause it's a FF.Final Fantasy VIStory: They're existed once powerful beings called Espers many centuries ago. Now they're gone and the world is in an Industrial Revolution-like setting with airships and weaponry. A soldier of the Empire, Terra, was used for battle and after being free of mind control, joins a group of resistance members planning to take down the Empire.Graphics: For the most part the graphics are great for the SNES era. They're still not as sharp/detailed as Chrono Trigger or even colorful like Yoshi's Island but they work in the end.Sound/Music: The music here is usually cited as the best Uematsu soundtrack he's done. While personally I go with VII, VI is by no means a flawed soundtrack. There's tons of great themes: catchy ones, emotional ones and epic ones like Terra's Theme, Forever Rachel, Aria de Mezzo Caraterre and Dancing Mad.A HUGE cast list with 14 playable characters, still the largest cast in a Final Fantasy game. While it's nice to have variety, some don't get as much story as they should've. Ones like Celes, Terra, Locke and Setzer have substanstial backstory while others might just join your party and that's it. The game brings in the Esper System. It's not a wild departure like Junctioning but essentially you can equip an Esper to use in battle and after each battle you get points to learn a spell. Learn it and on to the next one. Finish them all and you can pick someone else.While V is merely playable for the Job system and the fact it's a FF game, VI is required playing for an RPG fan.prediction:4
reviewText:FF5 REVIEWFF5 never made it to the US when it was released in Japan. But now we can finally experience it on the PS1. It's a great entry that is pretty underrated.GAMEPLAY: The highlight of FF5 is its job system. You can be a Knight, Monk, Thief, Dragoon, Ninja, Samurai, Berserker, Hunter, Sorceror, White Mage, Black Mage, Time Mage, Summoner, Blue Mage, Red Mage, Trainer, Chemist, Geomancer, Bard, Dancer, Mime, or you can just be Bare, each with a unique ability and weapon/armor choices. You can switch jobs anytime, and you can share abilities when you learn them. For instance, you can be a Black Mage with White Mage powers, and vice versa. It's kind of hard to explain, but you'll understand it. Whew, that was a  mouthful.This is also the first FF to feature ATB, the bar that tells you when it's a character's turn to attack.The game has tons of unique sidequests and methods of transportation. This is the first FF to feature a submarine, and soon you will get an airship that can be used as a boat and a sub. Cool.GRAPHICS: Very good for the time. Not as good as FF6's, but still decent.MUSIC: Not as strong as others, but this game still has some memorable tunes, like Gilgemesh's theme.STORY: Not the best FF story, but it has a great plot filled with twists.ADDED EXTRAS'S: Just FMV's at the beggining and end of the game. Not very good, because they get the character's hair color wrong. (Bartz's and Galuf's is white instead of brown, and Reina and Faris's is blonde instead of purple.)OVERALL: Don't listen to the haters. This is a very unique game.FFVI REVIEWFF6 was released in America as FF3 for the SNES. This and FF7 are arguably the best entries.GAMEPLAY: This game is the first FF to have a long range of characters and hidden characters, and it is the first FF to allow you to switch them. Each character has a unique ability and you learn magic through summoned Espers.About halfway through the game, the gameplay becomes sidequest-filled and non-linear. Once you get the airship back, you can go to the main villians lair, but if you do and don't bother with the secrets and sidequests, he will defeat you quite easily.Also, who can forget the infamous opera scene?GRAPHICS: Very excellent.MUSIC: Another high point. From the boss music to Kefka's theme, it all rocks.STORY: A very great story with lots of twists. Kind of reminds me of Star Wars in some places.ADDED EXTRAS: Just another FMV scene and they didn't get Terra's hair color right. (It's green, not blonde!)OVERALL: An RPG masterpiece, no questions asked.OVERALL FOR PACKAGE: You can probably find it for $15. And it's a steal for 2 epic RPG's.prediction:4
reviewText:Well I love Final Fantasy V and the job system.  Final Fantasy VI was not my cup of tea, but still good.prediction:4
reviewText:I wish there was more re-releasing old, classic games for new systems. I suppose some might see it as the companies just trying to squeeze more money from old games, but I love being able to play these games on new systems, and the addition of new features is always fun to experience.As far as collections go, this is a very good one. Final Fantasy 6, originally 3, is a classic game, and considered by some to be the best FF ever. I can't say I think it's the best, but it is definitely an exceptional game that was even more remarkable when it was first released. It does already seem dated in many ways. At the same time, this is the final game in the series where you can experience the classic, 2D FF that many fans of the series have grown up with.This game does have an excellent cast of characters, and one of the better storylines in the series. The espers, the first real summon monsters, are really cool, and theres somewhere around 30 of them, much more than any other game, which I like. Each character has unique abilities and weapons, which makes for great variety. A very fun old school RPG.The graphics were amazing at the time, but already seem pretty dated. The sound as well. The music that was written for the game is some of Uematso's best, but the sound capabilities of the SNES are just too dated. If they improved anything, I wish they would have improved sound quality a bit. Also, the CG scenes they added were disappointing to me. They weren't that badly done, but I thought that they would be peppered throughout the game at the appropriate spots, which they weren't. They were only at the beginning and end, which I find disappointing. I guess they wanted the actual experience of playing the game to be identical to how it was on the SNES. I wouldn't have minded some small improvements, personally. Overall, they did a good job.FF 5 was a real surprise, and it was great to play a brand new old style FF, never before released in the US. Lots of the reviews on Amazon say that it is really a sub-par game. I have to say I strongly disagree...I think its a great FF game. If you enjoyed FF 4 and 6, I think you'll definitely like 5. The graphics and sound are similar to FF 4. The gameplay is what makes the game so good though. You can switch your characters between the variety of job classes like in FF Tactics or FF X-2, and learn a large variety of different skills, then mix and match them. It's a very primitive form of the job class system, sure, but it's still really cool, considering the age of the game. I also really enjoyed the story of the game...it was about as good as FF 4. Theres a part where you're navigating through a graveyard of pirate ships infested with ghosts and zombies that is totally classic. I would definitely recommend giving FF 5 a chance. It is old and outdated, but definitely lives up to the quality of the FF series.Now, a quick word about the music disc...it's pathetic. An absolute waste of time. If anyone could actually listen to that disc and get into the music on it, I'd say you have serious issues. It's tinny SNES sound, taken directly from the games. I can't imagine it would have been too much work to throw some real orchestrated versions (they are available in Japan) of the songs on here...that would have been great. Furthermore, they chose a bunch of the worst songs to include on the disc and left out many of the best. Terrible.But, you won't be buying this collection for the music disc. The games are what matters, and they are quality, faithful ports of the originals. Highly recommended for people who want to walk down memory lane with some great old games.prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy Anthology is two great 16-bit Final Fantasy games in one conveniently-priced package. First, there's Final Fantasy V, which, while not being one of the best in the series, is nice to finally have in the US. Also, there's Final Fantasy VI (SNES players might know it better as Final Fantasy III), which sells individually at the used game store I bought this at for a much higher price (...)That, and the fact that it is among the very best in the series.The music in both games is excellent, and each one's battle theme has that familiar bassline at the beginning. The visuals are very dated, but the new CG cinemas are gorgeous. Number V has perhaps the most unique feature of any FF game: the job system. True, this was made popular in the US first with Final Fantasy Tactics, but it was still quite unique. My recommendation is leveling up one job to the max with one character, then trying another. The bottom line: I can't help but recommend this game for the classic gameplay and the familiar 16-bit Final Fantasy feel captured perfectly on the Playstation. The CG cinemas, which are more like the Amano art than the normal CG art in other FF games, are gorgeous, but there are only two in each game: one that plays before the title screen (and can be skipped anytime), and one at the end. Overall, I highly recommend this game, and that being said, go to your local used/rare game store and check it out!prediction:4
reviewText:I don't play video games much but I have some of the clasics.For any RPG fan this is a must have especially if you like the old school  1 and 2D types of layouts.Colorful and simple but not as simple as say Mystic Quest the baby RPG of yesterday decade. Great gift as well.prediction:4
reviewText:Both of these games are classic RPGs. FF5 was never released in the U.S (you could get it if you had an emulator). The storyline in 5 is a little weak I thought, but the battle system, job system, and ability system give the game endless possibilities. You can have fun going through the game again using different combinations of jobs. If you have never played FF5 or FF6 prior to buying this anthology, play 5 first because it will set you up for 6. Now, onto FF6. I feel this is the best RPG ever. Though the modern Final Fantasies offer better graphics, bigger story lines, ect, FF6 is the greatest of all time. When it was released on the SNES as FF3, it was ground breaking. It blew everything out of the water with its interactive story line, personable characters, and awesome battle system. So for its time, FF6 is untouchable. The story line is linear, most of the time you know where you are supposed to be going and what you are supposed to be doing, but at the same time you are on your toes because you can't tell what will happen next. The music will blow you away to. It really adds to the effect of the game. FF6 is also a long game, first time I played it on the SNES, it took me 80hrs to beat. Once you know the game inside and out, you can do it in 20hrs. The difficulty is just right as well. Most people will be able to get through this game without having to get a guide. That's how an RPG should be. It should make you think, but not make you have to look up answers on the net or in a guide. If you are an RPG fan, and have PS1 or PS2, buy this game. They are becoming collector's items. I bought mine used for 40 bucks (in nice condition). That's a pretty steep price, so just imagine how much it will be in a year or so.prediction:4
reviewText:I've noticed a couple people complain about the load times (especially during battles).  There's a quick and easy fix for PS2 owners:  In the main menu under the PS1 Driver, there's a setup option for "Fast Loading".  When you turn that on, the game will load as fast as the original cartridge did.  Problem solved..And now for the game: FF6 *is* the best version of Final Fantasy made to date (imho).  FF7, FF9, and FF10 are also very good, but FF6 got the RPG formula perfect: Great characters, great story, great battle system.  If I had to sell all my RPGs, FF6 is the one I would keep & play over-and-over.As for FF5, the story is rather weak, but the gameplay is really really good, thanks to the job system (like FF10-2).  What I like to do with FF5 is to experiment:- What if I had 4 white mages?- What if I had 4 black mages?- What if I had 4 fighters?- Would I survive the battles w/ such weak teams?Thanks to its job system, FF5 has a great deal of replayability.  Even after you beat the game, you can go back and replay with a completely different team, and new complications (trust me, beating this game with 4 black mages is NOT easy).Bottom Line: Buy Final Fantasy 5/6 right now.  If you're like me, you'll cherish it forever.prediction:4
reviewText:This is by far the greatest video game I've ever played.  This is the first person shooter I've been waiting for.  You're not killing monsters and space aliens, you're actually particpating in historical events, killing real enemies.  The graphics are solid, and the sound is just awesome.  And with shock controllers, the &quot;feel&quot; of this game is just oustanding.I'm a big kid at heart, but no means am I a kid, so I can't keep up with many of today's games as they are too fast paced.  This game is challenging, but not impossible for an old timer like me.  The levels get increasingly difficult and offer enough of a varied experience to keep you addicted to the end.  A must have for anyone who enjoys video games and is a WWII buff.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is excellent!  If you are in need of a game to keep you busy and excited get Medal of Honor.  This game has decent graphics but the sound is awesome.  Music goes on while you nervously walk down pathways and German soldiers pop out from another pathway and blow you up with a bazooka.  The game is quite challenging.  It takes awhile to finish because as the game progresses the soldiers become very difficult to defeat because they think strategically.  Very good game!  Buy it as soon as possible.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought Tomorrow Never Dies brand new, still in the wrapping, at a thrift store last year for a dollar. I don't own a PS1, but I have played the game in my PS2. The graphics are slightly out-of-date, but the game is still fun to play.prediction:4
reviewText:As others have mentioned, this product has serious flaws--especially with regard to the pitiful number of questions available.  For me, however, a larger complaint is the surprising unfaithfulness to the show.The  so-called &quot;Fastest Finger&quot; questions are nothing really like  those on the show.  You don't compete to put the answers in the right  order; you just buzz in when the computer flashes up the proper  arrangement.  It's related to the set of skills necessary on the real  show--but it's not the same.Likewise, when answering questions in the  &quot;hot seat&quot;, you don't really get the &quot;Is that your final  answer?&quot; prompting in a consistent way.  Only some of the questions  allow for it.Also, the questions in the pre-$1000 range are unusually  difficult, compared with the show. There, they're ridiculously easy,  complete with flatly idiotic possible answers.  Here, by contrast, the  early questions are much more serious.  They're still comparatively easy,  but they're not the gimmes they are on the real show.Hopefully, the  producers will have found a way to be more faithful to the show--and give  us more questions--for the second edition of this game.prediction:4
reviewText:Tomb Raider 2 was pure genius. From the Great Wall of China to Venice to the depths of the ocean to the snow-capped mountains and back to the Great Wall of China again, this game was a pure blast of ground-breaking excitement.You first start the game in a very simple, yet lo-o-ong level inside the Great Wall of China. This was the first Tomb Raider level I ever beat. It took me a week to beat it, but I beat it all right. I must say, it was a very good idea to make that the first level. Venice, the next level, was a bit harder, but I could beat it thanks to the confidence boost from the first level.Truth be told, you do not end the game with a dragon. Nope, there's more where that came from, and they've even followed you to your house to prove it! Yep, you get to go inside Lara's home and fight baddies while doing the assault course. Sound like fun?Tomb Raider 2 has to be one of the best Tomb Raiders of all time. I suggest picking it up. It is worth it, I promise.prediction:4
reviewText:i loved the first tomb raider... and this one is even better. the story is great, very entertaining. the graphics are ok. and the gameplay is relatively the same as the first one. it's such a great adventure game, i love it. it has all the charm as the first one, but much more fun-ness.if you liked the first one, definately get this one. it may have alot more puzzles but i like my games to be complicated... i mean would you like to play a game where you just push one button and theres 5 hours of cutscenes!!!! NO!!! i would guess... so get this and i know you'll love it:).prediction:4
reviewText:The Game "Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins" was probably the first game I received when I got my Gameboy somewhere between 1992-1993. I swear when I first got this game, I couldn't put it down for hours. The game was hard at first, but as you gain experience, it gets easier and easier (I might have beaten the game about 100 times now).There are 6 different levels in this game, Space Zone, Pumpkin Zone, Mario Zone, Turtle Zone, Tree Zone, & Marco Zone which signifies the 6 golden coins concept. I'd say the hardest is the Space Zone (that took me a long time to beat at first), before you get to Wario's Castle. Some of the bosses are easy to beat also. There are also hidden stages in this game to find, and when you beat them the zone setting will change (like in the Tree Zone, you will see flowers and such).Special powers aren't really anything too new. Mario can still become Super Mario (what happens when you get the mushroom) and spit fireballs. The new one is when he gets bunny ears which causes him to float in the air and continously jump when you hold the jump button. Which is also good is when you get hit when you have fire power or the bunny ears, you just become super mario again and not become small.As I said before, I received this game sometime when it first came out, and it is still fun to play 13 years later. If you like the Super Mario games like I do, I recommend this to you.Graphics: AConcept: A+Game Play: A+Difficulty: A-Overall: AP.S.- As I mentioned earlier, there are secret levels in every zone. I found all of them except the one for the Mario Zone. Is there one for that zone, and if it is can someone tell me how to get to it. That is the only one I do not have. Thanks.prediction:4
reviewText:WOW, I love this game.  It is the best non-colorized portable Mario side-scroller I have ever played. This is one of the best game boy action games out there, along with donkey kong land 1-3, Metroid II, The Kirby games, and others.  The rabbit ears kick but and I love the space zone.Graphics-4/5, almost like black-and-white super mario world.Play Control-5/5, Extremely Tight, and not too complex.Game Design-4/5, It would be perfect, but it lacks an ice zone or a desert zone. It's a bit short compared to, oh say, Super Mario World, but it has high replay value.  Hidden Levels too!Satisfaction-6/5 Expert players may beat it in a week or two, but you want to play this forever!!!!!!!!!!Sound-4/5- The Sound is almost as good as SMB3's, but the music isn't perfect, but for a game boy game, it's fairly solid.the good- cool enemies, powers, levels. great replay value.the bad- it's a tad short.the ugly- The Three Little Pigs and Wario.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is a definite step up from the first Super Mario Land. There's a lot of levels contained within six separate worlds, and the nice thing about this game is that it comes with a save feature, so you can explore the worlds and levels at your leisure and put down/pick up this game any time you like.Tatanga - the final boss/adversary from Super Mario Land - makes his appearance in here as the boss of the Space Zone, but the bad guy of the whole game is Wario, Mario's evil doppelganger. Weird, I know. But believe me, this is a good and enjoyable game, and a worthy installment in the collection of Mario games.prediction:4
reviewText:The original Super Mario Land was a great game, but it was strange. Super Mario Land 2, while the setting is stranger, sticks closer to the Mario series' splendid gameplay. Along with the Mario Galaxy games, however, this game shows how far Nintendo can be creative with the designs.It turns out that Wario distracted Mario in the first game by sending alien Tatanga to kidnap Daisy. So, he's the main bad guy, whereas Tatanga serves as a boss in the space world. Space world? Yup, there are 6 different worlds, and all of them have really weird settings. EXAMPLES: Macro Zone pits Mario into a giant house. Mario Zone is actually a factory that, on the outside, is shaped like the plucky plumber.Although the settings are weird, that actually allows Nintendo to push the company's creativity to their furthest. I mean, seriously, Mario is seen SWIMMING IN WATER that is ATTACHED TO THE CEILING! Not to mention, he can also run across giant Lego blocks, float in space, and fight actual sharks! Never would we have known that Mario would be able to go outside the Mushroom Kingdom by this much.This game is the Super Mario World of Game Boy games, and that's saying a lot. The main gameplay is what you would normally expect. You can run, jump, stomp enemies, bash blocks, and spin jump your way through about 25 nicely detailed levels. The main power-ups are, as you expect, the Mushroom and the Fire Flower. Yes, that's right. The SuperBall flower that was in the first game got replaced by the return of the Fire Flower. Not only that, but there's also the Bunny Hat, which allows Mario to float in the air for a short period of time, similar to the Super Leaf in Super Mario Bros 3. But here, you can float longer than in Mario 3.The challenge is fair most of the time, but the problem with it is that once you get a Game Over, you lose a Golden Coin that you have been rewarded from one of the bosses you fight. So, you must go back and fight the boss again. Let's hope you don't die too many times.But overall, this is a really great game. If you're looking for a good Mario game for your Game Boy, Color, or Advance, ORDER THIS GAME NOW!prediction:4
reviewText:Super Mario Land 2 is way better than its first one.  In this &quot;retro review&quot; we're going to look at what made this one of the best GB games of its time (but too bad just a year later we'd get &quot;The Legend of Zelda: Links Awakening&quot;).The graphics were a major step above the first one and were actually stunning visuals for the GB. They look ALMOST like a snazzy early SNES game.Gameplay actually very closely resembles Super Mario Bros. 3 and Super Mario World.  You've got your power ups that unlike the first Super Mario Land can actually TELL you grabbed them.  The Flower Power up and the Bunny Ears (only seen in this one) are nice.  The Bunny Ears is like the leaf in SMB3. Except that Mario can't fly but they allow him to glide down to safety.The music is great for its time and even now it isn't bad.  It's been about 11 years since its release and the tunes still play out in my head at times.The Map is used in this one as well.  Except you can't go and challenge old bosses which kind of stinks.The story follows that Mario has lost his castle to Wario (no saving Princess Daisy in this one) and he can only get back into his castel using the six golden coins so he must set out to find them in one of the six different &quot;Zones.&quot;  What's nice about this is that you aren't forced to take the zones in any specific order at all!  What's not to like about that.  However, if you get a game over you have to find all six coins again.For those whinning about no saving on Super Mario Land you can finally stop your bitchin' because this game incorporates an auto-save feature.  It works well but there are moments where the game will erase the data on its own.Overall this is still a worthwhile game even so many years later.  Grab this game if you can and see what happens!prediction:4
reviewText:This is a fun game that you will find yourself coming back to multiple times. It's not terribly long (in fact, a seasoned player will be able to beat it in less than half an hour) but what's in it is entertaining and gives you that child-like sense of wonder we all long for when playing our favorite.  Definitely recommend this game to anybody who loves Mario or Nintendo!prediction:4
reviewText:I love Pok&eacute;mon, Links Awaking, and Super Mario Land 2. But this is my personal favorite Original Gameboy game. When it came out it blew people's minds and it still does to me. People may have their opinions but this has to be on any gameboy system! But it has aged no save, and no color are the big ones. It is weird Mario game with no Bowser, Peach, or even Luigi. There are only 4 worlds but they're hard! Everybody should at least try. Me: 5+/5 For Everyone: 4.6+/5prediction:4
reviewText:As I said in the title, this game is very fun, but it is short and easy.  I had never played this game before so when I got it I popped it into my GBA SP and to my surprise, I beat it in about 90 minutes.  Here are some specifics.  This game has 4 worlds and each world has 3 stages.  As opposed to Super Mario Bros. on the NES which has 8 worlds and each world has 4 stages.  In stage 3 of worlds 2 and 4, Mario is in a old style plane and the game becomes a shooter game.  The jumping controls are a bit odd if you are not used to them, because Mario lingers in the air for a bit before he comes down.  When you stomp you the koopas, you better get out of the way because their shells explode after a couple seconds.  At the end of each stage, instead of a flagpole, there are 2 doors you can go into.  One at the top of the screen and one at the bottom.  If you make it into the one at the top of the screen, you get a bonus game where you can get up to 3 extra lives or a fire flower.  Plus there are still bonus areas when you go into pipes and for some of them, there is an insane amount of coins.  Overall, this is a very fun game with a lot of replay value.prediction:4
reviewText:So glad i picked this up. A little difficult but enjoyable all the same. I had the other two for years and never played this one, reminds me of the first one but slightly different.prediction:4
reviewText:People say this game is bad, but its the best mk game on the gameboy. while it only has 2 levels and 1 fatality per character the gameplay is great. The people move fast and the controls are responsive, which is alot more than i can say for most fighters on the gameboy. while it lacks blood color and may not be as nice as the gamegear version its still not bad.prediction:4
reviewText:Relatively speaking, the Game Boy Pocket is an extremely old handheld system. It's outdated and quite ancient. However, when I owned a Game Boy Pocket (actually, I lost mine just a little over two weeks ago), I had a great deal of amusement with it. Why? Simply because I felt that regardless of the lack of color or high-tech gadgets that many systems had nowadays, my trusty Game Boy Pocket was still "fun". In fact, I hear the new Nintendo DS has no Game Boy functionality - only a Game Boy Advance port (which I own not). That's another reason why I may not get that particular system.The Game Boy Pocket is small. It's very small. Yet, this does not detract from the functionality. Another plus is that this system has a CONTRAST SLIDER -- unlike the Nintendo DS and Game Boy Advance, you can alter the brightness or darkness of the screen -- perfect for when you're trying to see something that's just too bright to see (fans of the Pokemon series will remember the Fuchsia City Gym's infamous invisible walls, for example). The contrast slider and its black and white (not green and white like that of the Game Boy) screen alone warranted a buy for me back in the day.I admit that now, many people believe the Game Boy Pocket seems to be obsolete. That's absurd. Those who wish to save money can get one and still have fun. Those who wish to put in a bit more can have the Game Boy Color (which unfortunately I still do not own, but realize the fun of). Those who want to "blow off", if you will, too much money -- can get some expensive, fancy system.If you're a parent, though, don't get your kids a Game Boy Pocket. Tantrums will explode all over the place.prediction:4
reviewText:This Gameboy pocket, particular green (most awesome color ever)was the source of many great memories and likely led to me needing to get eye glasses. I still own this gem, and from time to time, it's nice to turn it on and play some classic games and play some simple but fun black and white games.My favorite games were* Mortal Combat* The Super Mario series* Tetris* Pokemon red and blue* Castlevania (only the most epic terrifying adventure of the time)There are still many games out there being sold, so if you're looking to relive some nostalgia, never had a chance to, or just want to simple fun, I'd recommend this Gameboy  the most because it doesn't as much battery and is very slim.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of these games that doesn't quite fit into the Zelda universe (much like the second Legend of Zelda game for the NES) but it's still a fun game. Link is lost in a shipwreck and washes up on an island. There is no Ganon, and there doesn't seem to be a real main antagonist. Yes, there are bosses (eight in all, for the eight dungeons) and a final boss, but it is definitely not Ganon-esque. You're supposed to wake up the Wind Fish and gather eight magical instruments to accomplish that goal, so you wonder if the whole game is a dream to Link.The characters are all new, no familiar ones like Zelda or Impa. The fighting is real-time like in most of the other Zelda games, and there are familiar elements in here (gaining new items opens up more areas to explore, you start out with three hearts and gain more hearts along the way, etc) and there are also the Rupees. If you're a Zelda fan, this game is definitely worth playing at least once.prediction:4
reviewText:I love all the Zelda games so I am partial to giving perfect scores to this series. This was the first Zelda game I had ever played and I was caught from the first time I turned it on and went down to the shore to get my sword and start my adventure into the world of Zelda. The world is large with lots of fun areas to explore and a fun side quest that has you walking all over the world, but wanting what was at the end. I made lots of notes and ended up making a guide for it. This is a timeless game that will endear you as well.prediction:4
reviewText:I didn't really mean the title.  But I love this.  I don't know if I have beat it, but I do know that I got to the last level.  You get to ride a carpet you get to jump on a giant blue cloud made from a genie.  The first couple of levels are pretty easy.  It's suppose to be a kids game but I give the difficulty level a MEDIUM.  The funniest part of this game is that when you jump on the back of a camel it spits (Just like in the movie!!!).  There are many places where you can earn extra lives and health.  It's got nice music and doesn't seem to repetitive.-Thanksprediction:4
reviewText:While it may not be the most classic game ever to come out on the Sega Genisis, Aladdin is definitly a good gameThe game has you taking the role of Aladdin (Duh) As he races through Agrabah, seeking to save the Princess Jasmine.  Throughout his at times frustrating quest, he must jump through the cave of wonders, run through the streets of Agrabah, outrun lava boulders in a frustratingly difficult and exciting level, and take on Jaffar in a epic confrentation at the end of the game.The graphics are bright and lively, with lots of colors.The sound is quite good, with lively and catchy music, fairly good voice acting, and lots of boops, bumps and squeaksThe level design is at times enlighitining and maddining.  Some levels, like Genies lamp, Jafars palace and escape from the cave of wonders are just maddingly frustrating to get throughOverall, Aladdin is a good game, but its frustration level takes it down a bit.The good:Bright graphicsinteresting levelscatchy musicThe bad:nothingAnd the Ugly:really frustrating at timessummary:If you can stand the frustration, this is a good game to buy if you find it at a low price.prediction:4
reviewText:And maybe the best Ninja game ever! Shinobi 3 is by far the best of the Shinobi series on the Sega Genesis. Both the original Revenge Of The Shinobi and Shadow Dancer Secret Of The Shinobi is another good game but this one is by far the best. The story line is a little cliche and the plot does seem a bit regurgitated; but lets move on to the important stuff.The gameplay is by far the biggest stand out. Shinobi can do just about anything a realistic human warrior can do; besides summon dragon spirits for fire and using his body like a human bomb and shield himself with lightning. Joe mousashi can do air somersaults and climb across ledges; has a wide variety of melee attacks that include different dashing and jumping attacks. What also sets this game apart to is it makes use of a hook element like in Strider and also you can block your opponents attacks as well.The levels are very long and graphics are colorful. What also makes this game what it is was the excellent music that accompany you through the various levels. I would recommend this game to anybody. One of the top 10 or even 5 I would say for the Genesis.prediction:4
reviewText:Before I get on with the review, I have to share some nostalgia with you.  I believe my first encounter with Sonic the Hedgehog 2 was at the nearest Wal-Mart back in the late summer/early fall of 1992 and I remember seeing the game on display in the videogame section, and I played the Emerald Hill Zone, and I couldn't wait for the game to come out.  Fast forward several months later, and it's Christmas Day, and I got Sonic 2.  I spent most of the day playing this and even back then, I felt it was better than the first game (which is still a classic).  Over the years, I've given some deeper thought about which of the classic Sonic games is the best, I think Sonic 2 is the best of all because it retains a good challenge and fixes the flaws in Sonic 1.STORYAfter defeating Dr. Robotnik in the last game, Robotnik gets back to work with his usual scheme of taking over the world.  Like in the last game, he's captured a bunch of animals and is turning them into malicious robots, and is building a devastation space weapon called the Death Egg.  You take control of Sonic again to thwart Robotnik's plans, and this time, a two-tailed fox by the name of Miles "Tails" Prower tags along and helps you.GAMEPLAY IMPROVEMENTSIf you're familiar with the way Sonic 1 plays, then you know how to complete 99% of the controls in this game.  However, they added a critical improvement in Sonic 2, which is the spindash attack.  All you do is crouch down (holding the bottom d-pad) and hit the jump button to start spinning, and when you release both buttons to go much faster than without the spindash.  With the spindash, you can also plow into most Badniks and they'll get destroyed.All the power ups like the Ring monitor, Invincibility monitor, Shield monitor, and Extra Life monitor are in this game.  The rules about collecting rings in Sonic 1 carry over into Sonic 2.Also, there's a point in getting points this time around.  At the end of each act, if you get 10,000 points in that act, you'll get a continue.  Whenever your cumulative score hits 50,000 and numbers with a divisor of 50,000 (such as 100,000 and 150,000), you get an extra life.There's also a point to getting Chaos Emeralds.  If you collect all the Chaos Emeralds (now its seven emeralds instead of six) and get 50 rings, you turn into Super Sonic.  Super Sonic is a yellow juggernaut.  Other than drowning, bottomless pits, and getting crushed, nothing can hurt Super Sonic, as he's not only invincible, but he can run extremely fast and jump over really long distances.  The only drawback to Super Sonic is that your ring count gets deducted at one ring per second, and once you run out of rings, you turn back into regular Sonic.The Special Stage is different from that in Sonic 1.  Instead of collecting 50 rings and jumping into a giant ring at the end of an act, you collect 50 rings and jump into a bunch of rotating stars that pop up when you hit a lamp post.  You also race through a half-pipe and need to collect a certain number of rings before each checkpoint.  When you clear all the checkpoints with the required amounts of rings, you get a Chaos Emerald.  These Special Stages are significantly more difficult than the ones in Sonic 1 because aside from needed to collect the required rings, you have to dodge a bunch of bombs, and these can be hard to dodge.  It also doesn't help that usually, Tails will get hit by bombs, making you loose some of your rings.You also have the option to switch between Sonic + Tails, Sonic solo, and Tails solo when playing the one-player mode.2-PLAYER MODEThere's also a 2-player mode for this game.  Basically, it's a split-screen racing game where you and a second player choose as Sonic or Tails and race each other until the end of the acts.  The acts to choose from in the 2-Player mode are Emerald Hill, Casino Night, Mystic Cave, and the Special Stage.GRAPHICSWhile the graphics in Sonic 1 are impressive, Sonic 2 manages to improve upon this area as well.  There's better color arrangements to improve visual depth on the levels and backgrounds.  The finest example of this would be the Casino Night Zone.  The background in that level is absolutely beautiful and colorful, and makes you feel like you're in a "sanitized" version of Las Vegas.  The "industrial" themed levels like the Chemical Plant, Oil Ocean, Metropolis, and Death Egg Zones have improved from industrial-themed levels in Sonic 1 as well.  The architecture and atmospheres in these levels are much more serious-looking than in Sonic 1, and particularly with the Chemical Plant and Death Egg Zones, I think they perfectly exemplify the way a high-tech, industrial setting should look like.SOUND/SOUNDTRACKAll the sound effects from the first game are carried over into this one, so I can't really say much more than what I already said in my Sonic 1 review.The soundtrack is even better than that in the first game, and Masato Nakamura returns to create music in this game as well.  Aside from having more levels and therefore more music tracks, a good deal of the music on here is better than in the first game (which still has great music).  Standout tracks on here are for Chemical Plant, Aquatic Ruin, Casino Night, Mystic Cave, Metropolis, Sky Chase, Wing Fortress, and Death Egg (though for Death Egg, you only hear about four seconds of the music since you immediately go into one of the last boss battles).  Death Egg is the perfect music to hear when you're in a high-tech spacecraft.  Mystic Cave is worth mentioning because the opening melody is really reminiscent of the Inspector Gadget theme, and that the music itself is pretty creepy.  Casino Night and Sky Chase have really relaxed, upbeat feelings to them.The 2-player levels even have their own versions of the music.  The 2-player version of Casino Night has a peppier beat to it, and reminds me a bit of the Last Resort club music featured in Total Recall.  I personally think the 2-player version of the Emerald Hill Zone sounds better than the single player version.There's also a track called Hidden Palace for an unreleased level of the same name in the game.  Despite not being in any levels, I think this is one of the most elegant videogame tunes I've ever heard.MINOR COMPLAINTSMy only real complaint with this game is that in the Special Stage, Tails can make it more difficult for the fact that he's prone to getting hit by bombs, so you have to be extra careful with how you play in the stages.FINAL WORDOf all the "classic" Sonic games and with the entire Sonic game library, this one is the best.  Like Sonic 1, it's been re-issued countless times and is available with other Sonic games like Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection (Xbox 360, PS3) and available as individual game downloads on Steam.This game is nearly 20 years-old and I still think it's totally awesome.prediction:4
reviewText:I always liked Sonic 1 and Sonic 3,, but I just enjoy 2 the most. I love the bonus rounds, and the music from this game can be stuck in my head for weeks. When I was rebuilding my videogame collection, this was on the top of the list to repurchase. :)prediction:4
reviewText:Possibly the best Sonic game ever made. Excellent gameplay, colorful graphics, and a long and really cool collection of zones to rip, shred, and loop-de-loop through!The story line is very simple, and the plot is also similar to some of the other games but the massive colorful worlds, intriguing obstacles, and fast action make this a game for anybody of any age group. I've seen 50 year old people play and love it and people who picked up a game controller for the first time in their lives loved it. This game is gonna be 20 years old soon and it still rocks. This game also proves how Genesis is just a timeless system.prediction:4
reviewText:Sonic The Hedgehog 2 is the sequel the the first Sonic The Hedgehog game It was better than the first game which is still a classic. It fixes the flaws in Sonic The Hedgehog 1.PlotAfter defeating Dr. Robotnik in the last game, Robotnik gets back to work with his usual scheme of taking over the world. Like in the last game, he's captured a bunch of animals and is turning them into malicious robots, and is building a devastation space weapon called the Death Egg. You take control of Sonic again to thwart Robotnik's plans, and this time, a two-tailed fox by the name of Tails Prower tags along and helps you.If you're familiar with the way Sonic 1 plays, then you know how to complete this game. However, they added a critical improvement in Sonic 2, which is the spindash. All you do is crouch down (By holding the bottom d-pad) and hit the jump button to start spinning, and when you release both buttons to go much faster than without the spindash. With the spindash, you can also plow into most Badniks and they'll get destroyed.All the power ups like the Ring monitor, Invincibility monitor, Shield monitor, and Extra Life monitor are in this game.There's also a point to getting Chaos Emeralds. If you collect all the Chaos Emeralds (now its seven emeralds instead of six) and get 50 rings, you turn into Super Sonic. Super Sonic is a yellow juggernaut. Other than drowning, bottomless pits, and getting crushed, nothing can hurt Super Sonic, as he's not only invincible, but he can run extremely fast and jump over really long distances. The only drawback to Super Sonic is that your ring count gets deducted at one ring per second, and once you run out of rings, you turn back into regular Sonic.The Special Stage is different from that in Sonic 1. Instead of collecting 50 rings and jumping into a giant ring at the end of an act, you collect 50 rings and jump into a bunch of rotating stars that pop up when you hit a lamp post. You also race through a half-pipe and need to collect a certain number of rings before each checkpoint. When you clear all the checkpoints with the required amounts of rings, you get a Chaos Emerald.You also have the option to switch between Sonic & Tails, Sonic solo, and Tails solo when playing the one-player mode.There's also a 2-player mode for this game. Basically, it's a split-screen racing game where you and a second player choose as Sonic or Tails and race each other until the end of the acts. The acts to choose from in the 2-Player mode are Emerald Hill, Casino Night, Mystic Cave, and the Special Stage.The soundtrack is even better than that in the first game. Aside from having more levels and therefore more music tracks, a good deal of the music on here is better than in the first game. Standout tracks on here are for Chemical Plant, Aquatic Ruin, Casino Night, Mystic Cave, Metropolis, Sky Chase, Wing Fortress, and Death Egg. Death Egg is the perfect music to hear when you're in a high-tech spacecraft. Mystic Cave is worth mentioning because the opening melody is really reminiscent of the Inspector Gadget theme, and that the music itself is pretty creepy. Casino Night and Sky Chase have really relaxed, upbeat feelings to them.The 2-player levels even have their own versions of the music.Of all the "classic" Sonic games and with the entire Sonic game library, this one fixes the flaws of the first game It's been re-issued countless times and is available with other Sonic games like Sonic's Mega Collection etc and available as individual game downloads on Steam.BossBoss battles are just as good but when you go to the death egg u encounter silver sonic a robotic looking sonic prototypeSonic The Hedgehog 2story 10/10control 10/10Music 10/10graphics 10/10Boss battles 10/10my final thoughts Sonic The Hedgehog 2 is a great sequel and I hope Sonic's third game is just as great as many other Sonic gamesprediction:4
reviewText:Well I used to. It's a fun game especially if you're a REAL fan of the Terminator. This is technically the first game you actually get to play as the Terminator, not that one for PS2. Only thing was, I think I was the only person around these parts that had even heard of the game. I rented this repeatedly. It's a side-scrolling mission-based game where you have objectives like retrieving future objects (a box with a Terminator part in it) and keeping John and Sarah Connor alive. Personally, when I was younger, I just enjoyed acquiring the pistol and the shotgun from the bikers and just blasting them all over the place and blowing up the telephone booths and bikes and tables and pool tables. Eventually I got around to playing the game... the driving parts of the game are a real pain, and it'd be nice if you could just cruise around because the map is rather huge, and it's very colorful. THe problem is, you constantly have cops and bikers chasing after you and it's very easy for you to lose your energy. T-1000 is also impossible to kill and ends up being a nuisance. Many different things in this game can cause your terminator harm and it does get to be a pain.I'd only recommend this to people who have a real sweet tooth for a genuine Genesis game and a good T2 game for it. The music is annoying, the sounds are pretty bad, the graphics aren't spectacular, the gameplay is rather straightforward and simple... but hey, I'm still playing it! There's something about shooting up the mall and psych ward that is very ...fun?prediction:4
reviewText:X-Men II:Clone Wars is a fantastic action-adventure game for the Genesis console. It boasts large character sprites, clean, colorful graphics, a huge number of intersting levels, and who doesn't like being able to pick Wolverine, Psylocke, Beast, Gambit, Cyclops, Nightcrawler, or even Magneto to play as before each level? The plot is fairly thin (so thin you won't even notice it), but that's not where the fun factor is: clean, fast, powerful action, big, varied levels (Siberian taiga to Asteroid X to the Amazon rainforests), and big, fast bosses make this game into a Genesis masterpiece.prediction:4
reviewText:Many years ago I remember there was an arcade game that had a lot of the same characters in this excellent video game. I was small and used to play that game and hang out with my friends at the arcade and had a lot of good memories. I found this game also a very long time ago at an old video rental store and figured to give it a shot. I knew it wasn't based on the arcade game; so instead I was really impressed and surprised.It turned out to be a very challenging yet entertaining game. When you start the game you begin in the frozen Siberia; no press start, options, select your character, it really began just like you were flipping through the pages of a comic book. Also as the game progresses you have the option of choosing between different x-men such as Cyclops, Wolverine, Nightcrawler, Gambit, Psylock, and Beast! Later you can even use Magneto but you have to beat him first; he's a boss character you can use, now that was another original idea of this game that made it great. Each character has very unique abilities; so as you progress through the game you will find some are much better than others at getting through levels. Another interesting thing about using the different characters each one makes the game feel different. Playing as Gambit it feels like your playing an adventure side-scroller like Strider or Castlevania. Playing as Beast kinda gives it a feel like an incredible hulk game, Magneto feels like your playing Vector Man for those who know about that classic game also for the Genesis.This is a game with re-playability and also has excellent music and very colorful graphics. Remember though this is also a very challenging game and that's a good thing to because I don't know anyone who has beaten this in one sitting, or playing it for the first time.prediction:4
reviewText:This game was amazing back in the day,and it's still just as good as it was back then.Wrestlemania The Arcade Game contains some of the WWE's(WWF then) best,during that time.The digitized graphics look very good.The wrestlers look so much more realistic,compared to the other WWF games on the Genesis.Each wrestler has got unique special moves,that fit them perfectly.It's so fun,zapping your opponet with Doink's hand zapper,or using Undertaker and smashing a tombstone over your opponet's head with it.This Genesis version is somewhat better then the SNES port.Sure,the graphics are a tad bit better on the SNES,as is some of the sounds,but for some odd reason,the SNES version has removed the late great Bam Bam Bigelow and the late great Yokozuna,but,thankfully they are included in the roster right here on the good ole Genesis version.That alone,makes this version so much more better than Super Nintendo's.Overall,if you are a longtime fan of wrestling and/or love a fun old school fighter,then this game is for you.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the smartest and most demanding games you will ever play. It is tetris, but with little men that get into special vehicles that you operate to move objects around a city path to allow a runaway nuclear bomb on a truck a clear path. It is not as easy as it seems, is very addictive and some of the best fun I ever had playing any game. There was nothing quite like. I played this for thinking and Turok for shooting. I remember this impressed quite a few brain friends I had. They loved it. It is quite a thrill also. Tense when you get near the end and the nuclear lorry is right on your tail. Amazing concept. Thanks for these memories and happy times.prediction:4
reviewText:Fighting Force 64 is one of the best beat-em-up's on the N64. There aren't many, but this game single handedly more than makes up for what the system lacks in this genre. There's something so old school about playing this, that when you begin the game it will fell reminiscent of Streets of Rage and Double Dragon. I think FF 64 is the spiritual successor to those games. It just puts off that vibe.When you start the game, you can choose from 4 characters; 2 girls and 2 guys. I like to play as Smasher, the huge guy you see on the front cover of the game. His punches are legendary; They can be heard from miles away. When you begin the first stage, it really lets you know what you are in for. A couple of random guys come out of nowhere at you, and you don't know why you are killing them, but you know it must be done. You punch and kick your way through endless waves of baddies until you reach the end of each level.One thing I like about this game is you can never get lost, it always makes sure to let you know what you are doing. Just beat everyone up, and either more will come, or you will move on to the next area of the stage. The environments are highly destructible; For example you can go up to a random Coke machine and punch it until it explodes. Or you can pummel a car until its tires fall off. You can then pick those tires up and throw them at enemies. A shotgun conveniently pops out of the trunk of the car, which you can also pick up and blast the life out of your opponents.I like the way the game recognizes how damage is dealt. For example, I picked up a knife I found on the ground. I sliced a guy with a shirt on, and he fell back but didn't die. After I did that, a shirtless man charged me from behind. Well I quickly turned around and shanked him right in the chest, and you know what? It killed him, right then and there. The game realizes that not wearing a shirt would obviously hurt a lot more than if you had one on, strangely enough.The game has 3 bosses, and the first two are simple. The last guy, however, is hard as hell. This is mainly because that by the time you get to him, your lives and health will be drained severely, so it will be a very big challenge for you. There are multiple paths you can take in the game, something I found interested for a game of its time. You choose your fate.One flaw I would say is the game loses its momentum as you progress further. When you begin the game, its so awesome and great and you just love it. But as you make it to the final few stages, the enemies get harder and start blocking a lot more, and they keep on coming and coming. It can get aggravating. But nothing will top those first few levels. The 3rd stage, the elevator, is epic. You walk over to the glass box and punch it open to get the axe out, which you then use to chop your enemies up. Its very violent and bloody, but yet only escaped with a Teen rating. Well deserved, I say.Sadly, the N64 never got the sequel to the game, but its still a blessing to have received the first one. It's a great beat-em-up, and will be looked at as a classic in years to come. This is the kind of game they don't make anymore. And it's a shame, because this game is great.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of my favorite games of all time, it stands next to Conker: Live and Reloaded, Mario Kart 64, and San Andreas. And for its time, it was groundbreaking. When I was about 8 or 9, I went to my local market to rent a game, I then saw this, I said "This looks cool, I'll give it a try". It met my expectations, and then shattered them. I really cant explain how astonishing this game was and still is today. Now I'm 15, and I still love playing this game, it is one that will stand the test of time.Right, this game can be either the easiest thing you've ever done, or a hellish nightmare. It all depends on the difficulty. On easy the enemies are weak and your vehicles are practically invincible. On medium the enemies are more numerous, but still you take a while to kill. On hard enemies are tough, and you arent that great. On Jedi enemies are weak, but so are you, you can die very fast if you're not careful.Battle of Hoth: 9/10 - This is great to start, but gets boring after a while. I still really like killing the AT-ST's though.Escape from Echo Base: 9/10 - On jedi this levels a b**ch! But its very fun to see those damn snowtroopers fall into oblivion!Asteroid Belt: 10/10 - Now we're talkin! Its really fun blasting the TIE fighters and bombers into space dust!Ord Mantell Junkyard: 10/10 - This whole level takes place on hover trains (except the boss) and its very fun to kill enemies on moving vehicles.Gall Spaceport: 7.5/10 - This level carries on for way too long, but the fight with Boba Fett rocks!Mos Eisley and Beggars Canyon: 10/10 - Yes, finally star wars gets into racing. Kill the swoop jockies before they reach Luke, but dont crash!Imperial Freighter Suprosa: 10/10 - Fun level thats swarming with stormtroopers. The final boss is pretty long and monotonous though.Sewers of Imperial City: 10/10 - Fun, but is hard as hell on Jedi. You fight huge spider-like creatures called dianogas here.Xizors Palace: 10/10 - The hardest level in the game, but really fun and the Gladiator Droid is very tough.Skyhook Battle: 100000/10 - By far the BEST DAMN LEVEL in the entire game, and star wars series even! You get to fight Xizors fighters which are very tough, and also destroy an enormous sopace skyhook too!In conclusion there are minor flaws here and if you like Star Wars, first person shooters and adventure games then buy this! NOW!prediction:4
reviewText:Shadows of the Empire was one of those Star Wars games that had a few strikes against it before it was ever released. First it was a game based off a book and not a movie, so right away the casual fan was a little lost. Second, although you come in contact with characters from the movies, you play as an original one from the book. So It didn't suprise me when the game was released that people treated it a little too harshley.So is the game as bad as they say? No. True the game isn't perfect, but it is still a pretty fun game. I found the control scheme easy to use and the graphics were some of the best on the N64 at the time. Also it featured both on foot missions and flight sim-styled combat missions. Both gave you the option of playing in a first or third person perspective. Now while a majority of the missions were on foot, the game really shined during the flight levels. The final level was a fast paced space battle that included dozens of ships on screen at once, all well rendered with a minimum amount of slowdown.If I had to gripe about anything in this game I'd say that the on foot missions get a little boring. You'll spend alot of time going back and forth solving puzzles that only slow the game down. On the plus side you do get to fight one of the most popular villians from the films, Boba Fett, in an all out shoot out includind dueling jet pack action.So if you're a Star wars fan and own an N64 but never played this game, you might be suprised how fun it is!prediction:4
reviewText:Nostalgia! This was the first game I ever played and I remember beating it....getting the black and white Yoshis and all the levels done etc but now that I come back to it (10+ years later) it's a lot harder than I remember. I still like it though, even if it's childish and simplistic I just can't help but enjoy myself playing it.... the art and combined music kinda makes me just...happy. I know it's not a favorite for everyone or even enjoyable for everyone and I am a bit biased because of my past but oh well. It's a cute game, if you have kids it would be very suitable for an introduction into the gaming world. It was mine~prediction:4
reviewText:This game is aimed towards a younger audience. That much is a given. What you probably don't know however is that older people such as myself love this game! Yoshis story succeeded in bringing the world an original fun game with amazing graphics. Yes you do eat your enemies, but hey if they're tasty..........anyway yea. Get this game for your own good and find out for yourself how much fun it is! You wont regret it!prediction:4
reviewText:This is a master piece of a fighter. I love MK, but this is just entertaining and the stereotypes are great.prediction:4
reviewText:Silicon graphics and the usual play control equal an easy to learn 3D fighting game. The thing that makes this game really unique are the killer combinations of moves, and the fact that there are tons of special moves for each character, but then when you start doing a combination of moves there are even more special moves! The fighting arenas are visually astounding, especially Spinal's ship. There is even cool fighting music to keep up with the pace of the fight. Speaking of the pace, there are 100s of options, including the speed of the fight, disabling certain moves, damage, and anything you can imagine. Another great part about this game is that there is an actual scale of challenge, which makes it anywhere from easy for a beginner - to difficult for a master gamer. The only disappointing thing is that the original fighters are better than the four new ones.prediction:4
reviewText:Lately I've been grabbing old N64 games to play on residence - my brother and sister wanted the Gamecube at home, so I began hunting through video game stores for any N64 gems worth filling out my collection with. I'd avoided KI Gold on its initial release because it got mixed reviews and was horribly expensive (remember those first gen N64 games? Exactly.), but since I owned every other Rareware game, I decided to grab it. After grinding the controllers to a bloody pulp in all-out tournaments with my roommates, I'm left wondering why Rare never followed with a KI3.The fighting engine in KI Gold is completely insane. It's ridiculously fast, brutal, and fully animated. KI really puts other N64 fighters (particularly the Mortal Kombat series) to shame. The engine has some pre-programmed combos and also allows you to invent your own. I'll admit it's not as deep as Street Fighter - mindless button mashing can create some intense crowd-pleasing combos whereas Street Fighter is more skill-based - but you'll need all the help you can to survive. There are a slew of one-hit finishing moves that can instantly deplete your second energy bar, and the AI isn't shy about pulling these on you every chance it gets. What's also interesting is that while the fighting is strictly 2D, the arenas are full 3D, and certain moves such as throws will change your character positions in that space.The graphics are excellent - it's a little odd at first seeing 2D sprites on a 3D arenea, but you get accustomed to it. The soundtrack would've been worth releasing another CD for (like they did with the first game), and the controls are sharp. If you're like me and still go for a little retro gaming, Killer Instinct Gold is probably the best fighter you can get for the N64.prediction:4
reviewText:same as the other one but with a few glaring differences like the graphics stink like a butt on this one.theres a lot of characters in this one.theres robots,cops,martial artists,gods.......really theres only 2 types.1-the kind that get beat down by the computer almost every time and 2-the kind you can win with all the time prettily easily through massive repition.they are lou kang,raiden and the cop.theres some male ballerina looking dude with a lot of flaming balls.......errr i mean fire balls.hes pretty good except for the whole spandex thing.its alright but 4 is way way better.im actualy suprised theyre even from the same system considering 3 looks like a sega master system game.for all you bozos out there the sega master system came out after the intellivision and before the original nintendo.oh yeah,i dont appreciate the guys who made this making shiva a chick when in fact shiva is a very powerful hindu god with enough destructive capacity in his 3rd eye to destroy existence!prediction:4
reviewText:Okay, so I'm six years too late in reviewing this game, but what the hey: I just recently picked it up really cheap, just to see what it was like since I'm a huge Mortal Kombat fan. Bottom line? It's better than I expected, but not by much.I've bought around 16 Nintendo 64 games, and not once have I complained about the cartridge format: until now. It served me well through GoldenEye, Perfect Dark, Banjo-Kazooie, Battle for Naboo, and even through Resident Evil 2. Yes the video sequences in that game were highly compressed, but seeing as how squeezing them all in was a miracle by itself, I have no complaints. It's too bad Williams didn't try any similiar compression techniques for MKT. The game feels woefully incomplete, especially when compared to the PSX version. A couple of characters were sacrificed, including Goro, Kintaro, the unmasked Sub-Zero, and classic costume changes for Kano, Raiden, Jax, and a few others. A lot of the classic backgrounds are also missing, noticibly from the original game and Mortal Kombat 2. And then there's the sound, or what tries to pass itself off as sound. While the N64 was capable of Dolby 5.1 Surround by the end of its life span, here it can barely crank out decent mono. Other reviews have said the sound seems canned, muffled, and my personal favourite: like your speakers are set up behind a cement wall. It's all true, every bit of it. If Williams had given the game better sound, I might have been tempted to ease off on it a little.The gameplay has been carried over from MK3, with a new aggressor meter at the bottom. Thankfully, for the characters that have made it, all their finishing moves are intact, and are still cool to watch. There are also various 2-on-2, 3-on-3, and tournament modes to mess around with. The game does get stale after awhile, but it happens to all fighting games. MKT is good for a few rounds of mayhem whenever you're bored.I don't regret purchasing MKT, but I wish Williams had taken more time and effort to polish the game, such as reshooting the actors (Brawka in particular feels cut and pasted directly from MKII), and finding a way to cram everything in. MK fans without a PSX should definitely get this. It's not completely satisfying, but it gets the job done.prediction:4
reviewText:Out of all the Bomberman games out there that I've played, I'd have to say Bomberman 64 is my most favorite. Don't ask me why...it just is. I rented it out from Blockbuster Video and, liked it so much, that I bought it. I never was a big Bomberman fan til this one came along. I wish I could explain how much fun this game is to play but you'd just have to find out yourself. The Single player mode is challenging but its' Multiplayer mode is where this one shines...yes indeed. Just let me say- I highly recommend this game to all. It's definitely worth its' asking price....prediction:4
reviewText:This game basicly goes like this. There are 6 worlds, two of which you have to unlock first. So you start out with 4 worlds, a grassy world, a lava world, a water world, and the icy world. There's no order on how you go to the worlds so you pick which world you go to. Each world has 4 levels level 1 is a normal stage level 2 is a semi boss stage level 3 is like level 1 but it's bigger and more complex and level 4 is the boss of the world. Once you beat the boss you beat the world. Beat all 4 of em to unlock the 5th world the Fortress. Once you get all the gold cards you get a new world I like to call the rainbow world;).But anyways bomberman is a game where you click a button and a bomb pops up right where your standing. You can either kick it at your enemy, throw it, or pump it up to make a big bomb which causes more damage than a normal bomb. Sometimes you have to do a tricky bomb jump puzzle which I still have trouble doing. This game can get complicated to so it's very tricky. Took me awhile to complete it so if you want a long game I think this is for you (espicially for the expert). I love the variety of enemies in the game. I woundn't call this a game for a begginer at all!I find it fun to look for body parts in this game. It's hidden AND I MEAN HIDDEN in each normal stage there is 4 of em. It's tricky to find so you need lots of luck to find em.I think that's all for this reveiw, in the end I hope you get it. Bomberman is a star in nintendo and your about to find out why I presume ;)prediction:4
reviewText:Perfect Dark, the practical sequel to the 1997 smash hit Goldeneye, is a very good title, but not without some flaws that prevent it from being &quot;perfect&quot;.First, the single player mode. While it has some interesting missions and some cool objectives, it's not really the heart of this game at all. About the only cool thing in the entire single player experience is the alien Elvis, who makes some funny, and weird noises when you talk to him.The whole purpose of Perfect Dark, is obviously it's amazing multiplayer mode. You can add up to eight simulants to the game, with varying degrees of difficulty (Darksim, don't even try and play him, you'll lose 90% of the time). There are quite a few well designed levels, and tons of killer weapons.However, a few problems drag this game down to the status of only good, instead of perfect. First, when more than two players join in the multiplayer mode, things get ugly, very ugly. The framerate is simply atrocious, and is a major disappointment. And another thing, experienced player or not, you're guaranteed to die pretty quickly, which might turn away players who just want to get into the game.In all, Perfect Dark is a good game for the Nintendo 64, but had Rareware spent a little while longer taking out framerate issues, and making it a bit harder to get killed, perhaps this could have been a stronger title. Buy only if you can deal with these problems, otherwise, get Goldeneye 007.prediction:4
reviewText:I totally missed out on this one during that fabled era when the N64 was a modern console. FPS games were never my cup of tea, but out of vague interest, I picked a used copy of Perfect Dark up for my collection of N64 games.Story: It's hard to follow, at points. Basically, this corporation called Datadyne is up to no good, aliens are involved, and it's to Joanna Dark and the Carrington institute to save the day. The story is resolved at Campaign's end, but I'm told that the full story awaits those who complete the game on Perfect Agent.Control: Perfect Dark is a first-person shooter, and the controls work pretty well by N64 FPS standards. They're completely customizable, too. I prefer to play it with the analog for aiming and the C-buttons for moving, but you can do the opposite (which is the default setup) or even flip the thing around and use the D-pad. There's also the option to use two N64 controllers to simulate analogs, but I find anyone doing that hard to imagine.Gameplay: It's easily some of the best FPS gameplay to be had with this console. It's very similar to Goldeneye, but Perfect Dark has some finesse that Goldeneye did not. There is voice-acting, reloading animations, guards that hobble when you shoot them in the leg, and probably other things. Just think Goldeneye 2.0 and you've got a good picture Perfect Dark's gameplay.The multiplayer is top notch, too. You can add in bots as you try to shoot your friends. I prefer Goldeneye because of its Golden Gun mode, but Perfect Dark is right up there for those who lack that preference.Graphics: Age has hit these Rare FPS games like a ton of bricks, but they were quite nice at the time of release. Even now, Perfect Dark has moments of visual niceties. The Carrington Institute, the Datadyne level, the Submarine level, and the one where you're on the alien craft all look pretty decent even now. The plane crash level, alas... I don't think it looked good then. :P Outside of those highs and lows, you've got your standard N64 quality graphics, which have a certain charm about them to us retro gamer types.Music: It's nice. The individual tracks all fit the levels to which they correspond. There are many moments of awesome within the soundtrack.As with all Rare N64 games, there's a lot of replay value to be had with Perfect Dark. There are higher difficulties with additional objectives, (seemingly) smarter AI, and less available ammunition. I'm not sure if like this game enough to see it all the way through on Perfect Agent, but I'd certainly attest to its 5-star quality. Recommended to anyone who collects these sorts of older games.prediction:4
reviewText:This game, as stated above, is probably going to be the last great First-Person-Shooter on the N64. This game combines the graphics of half-life, the weapons of Turok 2, and the gameplay of Goldeneye to make a Perfect, yet a little dark, mix of all the great FPS's into one. Each level in this game, as in half-life, is completlty different from the last, and is archeiteched in a way that is totally conveincible, each one of the alien weapons has a feroicious, pointed look to it, and covered in a brown and red color, as in Turok 2, and the gameplay is almost the exact thing used for goldeneye, with a good lock-on system that slows you down for accuracy instead of being perfectly accurate while runnng franticaly for your life. Level design here is great, and each level has a high point of action to it that you've sworn you saw in a movie but just cant remember which one, for example, In the Area51 level, You walk into a white-walled autopsy room, disquied in you'r doctors uniform. Above you, on a raised platform, you see a bright, tilted surgery light, and below that, a short grey alien. All of a sudden, a guard yells "Thats not harry, its a Spy", everyone starts shooting at you, running franticaly behind cover, you return fire, staining the white walls with the red blood of the guards. You run into the autopsy room, take the floating cart the unconsious if not dead alien is on, and push it out of the room with one hand while carefully holding your trusty pistol in the other. As you open the door, two guards let loose with their AK's, as the cart below you bobbles up and down in the fight, you gladly return fire from cover of the cart the alein is on. Continually bobing up and down, the short grey thing remains unconsious as you push it from room to room, surviving each gunfight in the white and now red walled rooms. With such movielike action going on constinly throughout the game, and with such cool-looking guns, and great graphics for the N64, This game stands almost Perfect above the other N64 (I still thing Ocarina of Time stands higher, so dont but this over that, just to let you know)prediction:4
reviewText:If you read my review of Rainbow Six on Dreamcast, you may remember me saying how it was a huge downer. You also may remember me saying to &quot;skip R6 and go immediately to Perfect Dark&quot;. So now, I'm reviewing Perfect Dark. This is the best reason to have an N64. First off, the graphics are really good.  After Conker's Bad Fur Day, this game most likely has the best N64 graphics. The frame rate is smooth and ultimately, very playable for the 1-player and multiplayer modes. The characters in the cinemas don't move their mouths at all, but so what? Their faces are usually looking at another character or somewhere that the player can't see. The sounds are also very good here. Very realistic sound effects for the guns and other objects and weapons are helpful for creating the perfect mood. But the best parts about the sound are the voices and the foot-step noises. When you walk, you hear your feet moving along any terrain you are on, whether it's snow, carpet, chain link floors or ladders and they match the speed you are moving at. The voices also are very well done. Usually, voices in games are so melodramatic or silly and unserious that they make you hate the characters or wish you were back in the day when voices didn't exist in games. But here, the voices suit the characters so well and they are so serious that they make you care about these characters. You'll feel bad when Cassandra De Vries gets her comeuppance, when you fail a mission resulting in Elvis's (the alien of course)or Daniel Carrington's death, and you'll shed a few tears when Dr. Carrol make his incredibly noble decision late in the game. Another good point is the story. It reminds me of Goldeneye meets The X-Files and it's like watching a movie. And like a good flick, it keeps you engrossed and enthralled until the end. All these points I made are good, but how does the game handle? Even better then Goldeneye did. If you've played Goldeneye before, you'll feel right at home with Perfect Dark. I'm not kidding, I had the controls down the moment I started moving around. Even if you didn't play Goldeneye, you'll still get into this game with relative ease. Plus, the new control methods (like the pop-up weapon menu and simulant command menu) are easy to learn. The best part about this game though, is the mutilplayer mode. There are so many options to choose from and you can play the game however you want to. Along with four human players, you can add up to 8 computer controled characters known as simulants, and again, you can edit anything you want to with these guys. Want to mix body and head types to make for a funny looking character, human or simulant? You can do it. Want to make enemies so skilled that they exceed the performance of real humans? You can do it. One thing though: make sure you get an Expansion Pak (sold seperately)with the game, cause you'll need it to play 3 and 4 player and 1 player story mode. If you have an N64, you must buy this game. You'll love it.Parents Note: As good as this game is, it's not for the kiddies. It contains strong language and lots of blood, so it earns its Mature rating (ages 17 and up). But if your kids are too young for this game and they still want to play it, try Goldeneye and The World Is Not Enough instead. They're less violent then Perfect Dark, but still be aware of their Teen ratings (ages 13 and up). If your kids are still too young for any of these games, let them play Banjo-Tooie. There's a segment in the game that plays out a lot like Perfect Dark, albeit much less violent with its Everyone rating (ages 6 and up), and you can still play it mutiplayer. But even if your old enough to play Perfect Dark, give all the games I mentioned a try (Goldeneye, The World Is Not Enough, Banjo-Tooie). But back to the main point: Perfect Dark is a classic!prediction:4
reviewText:Well, it's just the background that's bad that's all. The color is runny not realy but if you play the game you know what I mean ok.Golden eye and this game is almost the same because you get to use gun's so on. In this game you meet other people well, can't tell you, you got to play it yourdself.This time it's a woman not a man it's always a man now it's a woman doing a man's job. Every game I play was good but this is better that's my word, how about your's?TOMB RAIDER AND GOLDEN EYE AND DIE HARD are just alike, you see go play it for yourself go go on do it.There is more stuff to do if you get in the higher level's and they are very hard. I think they are ten level's in the game. After you done with the game they are four more level's that you can have fun with. Story is almost over. This is the other half of the story.The gun's are so cool and easy the use and it's fun to blow people away and see lot's and lot's of blood. ONLY 17 + 18 AND UP CAN PLAY THIS GAME I JUST WANT YOU TO BE SAFE OK...well, that's all I going to say about this game BUY.prediction:4
reviewText:Perfect Dark is a superior and I agree with one of the reviewers...ERRRR...It...Does beat halo..I can't believe I said that.  This game had brilliant well made graphics of its time.The weapons are superb.It has over 40 weapons!  Innovative Counter-Op Mode!You play as this Hot spy named Joanna Dark...And boy this woman dark as she hides and go seeks aiming for what her missions are and completeng them when told.You shoot through walls, Guid Rockets by remote and cloak yourself to slip by unnoticed...Thats awesome...This game Got a 9.9 out of 10 from Gamespot...thats a pretty hard game site to get a 10...This game almost pulled it through...It is a pain with the Expansion Pak...It costs alot...Well it did when I baught it, which was about the time the game came out...It is Hands Down The Best N64 game you can find....Get this masterpiece and play it for all it's worth....It's also a very hard game too...Well I found it hard...But over all it's one hell of a ride...It's very fun and innovative...It has a flavor that not alot of FPS have..I think this game ranks up with Half life...God I wish Nintendo made a remake out of this...Rare is very good at what it does...Like...Which I also thought was the best video game ever made, Conkers BFD..That had some flavor in it...I hope Rare keeps it up and I Really wanna see how Perfect Dark ZERO does On the XboxGet this game....IT RULES!Later...prediction:4
reviewText:Perfect Dark is a superior and I agree with one of the reviewers...ERRRR...It...Does beat halo..I can't believe I said that. This game had brilliant well made graphics of its time.The weapons are superb.It has over 40 weapons! Innovative Counter-Op Mode!You play as this Hot spy named Joanna Dark...And boy this woman dark as she hides and go seeks aiming for what her missions are and completeng them when told.You shoot through walls, Guid Rockets by remote and cloak yourself to slip by unnoticed...Thats awesome...This game Got a 9.9 out of 10 from Gamespot...thats a pretty hard game site to get a 10...This game almost pulled it through...It is a pain with the Expansion Pak...It costs alot...Well it did when I baught it, which was about the time the game came out...It is Hands Down The Best N64 game you can find....Get this masterpiece and play it for all it's worth....It's also a very hard game too...Well I found it hard...But over all it's one hell of a ride...It's very fun and innovative...It has a flavor that not alot of FPS have..I think this game ranks up with Half life...God I wish Nintendo made a remake out of this...Rare is very good at what it does...Like...Which I also thought was the best video game ever made, Conkers BFD..That had some flavor in it...I hope Rare keeps it up and I Really wanna see how Perfect Dark ZERO does On the XboxThe visuals Are superb, Great Controlls, brilliant story and awesome multiplayer makes me give this N64 Classic a5 out of 5 stars!  This is one of the best N64 games next toConkers BFD and Loz Ocarina of timeLatesprediction:4
reviewText:i got my 64 in 97 at that time everyone was rating the playstation to be the best game console ever maybe they are right!!!!!!!!!! but game like donkey kong 64 and perfect dark , zelda , turok ,mario and 007 some how keep the nintendo fans loyal these games were fun enough for kids yet challaging enough for and adult, i love perfect dark and at that time i felt like this was the best fps ever i still think so i have a ps2 now yet i have never gotten rid of my 64 its that good perfect dark is one of my perfect collection , i will tell any one even if ps1, mauled 64 because of it's games variation 64 is still the console for a true gamer most play station titles are easy by far so maybe thats why it was more popular, perfect dark is the gamers game.prediction:4
reviewText:Quest 64. Amazing. Really! Ok this game is so much dang fun I just couldnt believe it was so much fun! Now Nintendo 64 isnt suppossed to be an RPG system, but this one just plain out blew every other RPG out of the water. Quest has amazing graphics(the best I have ever seen in any system). Some dont like how enemies will pop up out of nowhere when you are outside, but HELLO PEOPLES! I THINK IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THAT THEN YOU SHOULDNT BE PLAYING THE GAME, EH? AFTER ALL, THE ENTIRE GAME IS PRETTY MUCH FIGHTING THOSE VERY ENEMIES. eh hem, now back to the game's shining assests. The fighting system is wonder ful I love shooting fireballs and ice rays at enemies or just whacking the living daylights outta them with my staff. The last thing I have to say is that with all this nonsense coming out these days(Playstation2 AND 3, Xbox 360, PSP, that weird FLY thing, and other garbage) it is a pure blessing that Nintendo has the respect to make classics that are amazing and never get old. Nintendo, in a world of scams and stupid junk systems, you guys rule! The best games are QUEST 64!!!, Yoshis story, and Super Mario 64. Dont buy into this new crap*AKA Xbox 360* Get the old classics that rule in gaming!!!prediction:4
reviewText:DOOM 64 was a huge change from the PC & Playstation versions but is still an ok game. This takes away a lot of elements from classic DOOM but it gives us a lot that made this a unique port things like the Alien Laser & also gave us a new Demon the Mother Demon these were only on the 64 version. Unfortunately they got rid of Reverent & 1 of my favorites Heavy Weapon Dude. The 64 port has more puzzles than the PC/PS1 & other related versions it's like it's going on forever & really can make it boring the action was lacking but oh h** yeah the last level really makes up for it. Graphically 1 of the best ports but I prefer the PC version but controlls on the 64 version are good for the most part actually took advantage of the 64 capabilities. The enemies look good I say if you got an N64 you should pick this 1 up it's an ok port of DOOM.prediction:4
reviewText:i love the doom series and the old ones are the best i have the gba version of doom and the ps1 version of doom and i also have doom 3 but the n64 version is the best all the great guns from the original are here and there are new levels with better graphics and the enemies are smarter and meaner than ever get this game doom fans like me wont regret itprediction:4
reviewText:First, id software gave us Doom, then Quake came about....the graphically-enhanced, true 3D successor to Doom.I bought Quake immediately when it first came out for the N64, because it was the first version of the awesome PC game available to me. It does not disappoint in any way. The graphics are dark, gloomy, and gorgeous. The levels are intricate with plenty of secret areas. The enemies are fast and difficult to kill....that's one of the things this game's really got goin' for it....it's VERY challenging....it'll take you numerous tries to complete some levels....the demons and monsters can and will make mincemeat out of your ass.Quake 2 for the N64 is a tad better, but if you love FPS Doom-type games like me, by all means, get this game now!Overall, 9 out of 10.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the one game that got me into first-person shooters. This same exact one. I didn't know what they were til this one came along and I'm glad that it did. Talking about one intense experience...I would finish playing with my stomach all tied in knots. It's THAT intense. But, well worth it, believe me.If you like first-person shooters, you owe it to yourself to check this one out. Definitely worth your hard earned bucks.prediction:4
reviewText:I remember renting this game from blockbuster and I always had fun with it. Today, it still is a fun game for N64. But the controls are really werid. Not bad, but they are something that people have to get used to. Seeing dinosaurs in a game like this is awesome. Overall, it's not one of the best n64 games. But it does hold it's own as a fun game.prediction:4
reviewText:I first played this game in 2003 and I've been hooked since.  It is not excessively difficult but it is not easy either.  Different stages with different vehicles and hidden stages with hidden benefits provides hours of gameplay that will keep you entertained.prediction:4
reviewText:Star fox 64 is a very fun game. Im not even a big fan of star fox either. The graphics r great for the 64 and sound is just as good as the ds. The controls r even easy and fun to use. The story is fun but after a while it gets very hard and boring. But the multiplayer is great. The more people the better. It is like most star foxes on multiplayer, u go around on any planet and battle each other or be on the same team and battle the CPU. It is a great game with excelent sound and graphics, and i not even a big fan of star fox.prediction:4
reviewText:While Cruis'n USA was fun, it was without its shortcomings. But the sequel is so much better in every way.Cruis'n World is based on the fun arcade game that was released on the Nintendo 64 in 1998. The premise is the same as it was in the first game: pick a car, select a track and then race against the crowd to get 1st place. Just like the first game, you can unlock a few extra cars and tracks to extend re playability. And then, Midway added more stuff to the N64 game: 4 player support, new music, a time trial mode, a practice mode and a championship mode where you can unlock additional cars.The PROS: better graphics and music, more variety in the stages, more cars to choose from and more game modes. The controls are easy to get into and it doesn't take itself too seriously for an arcade racer.The CONS: you still see "pop up" scenery in the game and once again, it's very easy for your competition to catch up to you AKA "rubber band A.I.", unlocking some of the cars can be quite challenging and this game works if you play in small chunks.If you love arcade racers with more stuff to do on the side, you should pick this one. It's a blast to play through and you can have your friends play along as well.  RECOMMENDEDprediction:4
reviewText:The game worked perfectly fine, but after a while you'll notice this game is simple and repetitive. It's fun though since I cleared the pak and I'm working my way back up again (previously owned it early in my childhood)prediction:4
reviewText:With the successful franchise of Super Mario Brothers blooming in 1996 with Mario 64, Nintendo 64 seemed to be very strong as a contender in the video game wars. Although the system has lasted about 6 years, the impact it has made with cartridge video games, will never be duplicated ever. When Mario Kart 64 came out in 1997, the field was just explosive unlike anything else. Then, nearly a year later, another mark in the racing form came about with Diddy Kong Racing. The game was just as surprising as the race that Mario Kart had left in the dust. Surprisingly, with Diddy Kong Racing, there was a little more at stake than meets the eye.With the release of Diddy Kong Racing, it took the racing game to another level. Unlike Mario Kart 64, there are three different kinds of vehicles to really choose from, instead of one: Kart-style, like Mario Kart 64, Airplane, and Hovercraft. It makes it a little different to rangle with, when in some courses you can race with only one of those vehicles, and on others, you can choose to race two or three vehicles. The game features the story of Diddy Kong and his friends trying to save Timber's Island from the clutches of Wizpig, a vile hog that holds control of the island. There are so many courses that are in the way that you must unlock in the story adventure mode. Still, there are also some other feels and challenges along the way, including unlocking challenges and two hidden charcters: Drumstick and T.T. and some very special codes that you can access in the tracks Mode.However, there are some flaws that Diddy Kong Racing has that were just surprising. First, there is a slower frame rate than Mario Kart 64, but the gameplay itself definitely makes up for that flaw. Another flaw is the control among some of the characters like Crunch The Alligator, and Banjo, the bear from the Nintendo 64 game, Banjo-Kazooie, is a little more difficult than evenly averaged in Mario Kart 64. The lighter charcters like Pipsy The Mouse and Tiptup The Turtle, provide a much better use for control in getting those challenges unlocked for a tasteful race with Wizpig in the final showdown.Although many people stopped making games for the Nintendo 64, there are some good agmes that still continue to push that pedal to the metal. Diddy Kong is one of them, if you really love the challenge. Considering that mostly all racing games are exactly the same as you could possible imagine, there are some games that still stand that gameplay. If you've loved Mario Kart 64, you'll definitely love Diddy Kong Racing.prediction:4
reviewText:This isn't the best game I have ever played but it is fun enough. I just like to ride around in the desert all day. There is a bunch of different things you can do on here. Also, you can unlock the old, original Excitebike which is really cool.prediction:4
reviewText:When Nintendo first sent out its N64 development kits to third-party developers, there must have been a sticker on the box that said &quot;please make a racing game.&quot; There is no way around it: You all have at one point played an N64 racer, be it from Midway, Human, Boss Game Studios, Imagineer or Nintendo itself. Luckily, Extreme-G, the latest one out for the N64, is quite unique (at least until Nintendo's own F-Zero 64 arrives next year).Lovingly called XG by its developers, the game pits up to four players against each other in insanely fast cyber bike races down tracks that make Six Flags look like a golf course. There are more than a dozen magnetic tracks, bikes, weapons, boosts, loops, drops, corkscrews and jumps -- but if you had to choose only one trait that sets XG apart from the slew of other N64 racers, it's SPEED. The game is very, very, very fast. And most of time, that's what makes it fun. It's evident from the start that the developer, Probe, tried to make Extreme-G live up to the high quality marks set by other N64 racers (no, we're not talking about Cruis'n USA). And while it can't quite compete with the graphics, physics and control of Wave Race and Top Gear Rally, it is a solid and well-designed game that is sure to appeal to action and racing fans alike.First off, the graphics are quite nice, with four different worlds filled with tracks that up the ante on every other racing game out there. Imagine double loops, steep drops, sudden turns, lava, driving on the ceiling, and corkscrews that make the whole screen spin. Speed-wise, Extreme-G is second to none. Unfortunately there is that dreaded layer of fog (a different color for each world) to hide pop-up and keep things moving at high speeds. While it doesn't disturb the gameplay (the fog is not as close as in Turok), it comes at the expense of any sky texture or backdrop that could have lent the tracks more personality and made the loops and twists more dizzying. Another problem is the frame rate. XG often moves so quickly, the N64 is having a hard time to keep up a consistent frame rate. But in the end, XG's incredible sense of speed, the excellent track layouts, and some very cool roadside graphics and lighting effects quickly make you forget these cosmetic shortcomings.The stereo sound effects are right on, with booming explosions, convincing rocket launcher &quot;fumps,&quot; and futuristic engine sounds that add just as much to the gameplay as the good Rumble Pak implementation. Extreme-G also features a cool techno soundtrack that does exactly what it's supposed to do: Provide a pulse-pounding background beat to the races. The drum beats are a bit weak, but cranking your subwoofer up to maximum levels should give you (and your neighbors) enough enjoyment for days to come.The bike designs look like they've been inspired by the movie Tron, featuring aerodynamically rounded bodies with no trace of a rider. Each machine has unique handling, shields and acceleration, and is equipped with a built-in laser weapon. Controls are pretty tight, but they definitely take some getting used to. In the beginning you will probably drive all over the place and have a hard time aiming at your opponents, but after a while, you will be amazed how you're able to keep track of things at speeds exceeding 300 miles per hour. But the real thrill lies in taking out your opponents with some of the awesome power-ups found on the tracks. There are more than 12 weapons types, including all kinds of missiles, flash bombs, mines, laser tripwires and even a flame thrower. If you thought using Mario Kart's &quot;lightning item&quot; was a dirty trick, wait until you see XG's portal holes, sling shots or the &quot;static pulse ray&quot; that reverses your opponents controls. An awesome arsenal, to be sure -- but what good would it be if you couldn't try it out on your favorite buddy? Good thing Probe took the extra time to include some solid multi-player modes. Two to four players can race at the same time, either head to head, compete in a capture the flags mode, or hunt each other down in the Mario Kart-style Battle Mode. Unlike most polygonal racers out there, Extreme-G also features a two-player Grand Prix mode (Extreme Contest) that lets you and a friend compete against six other computer drones, and an awesome Tournament where up to 16 (!) human drivers are pitted against one other. As most other racers, the two-player mode splits the screen horizontally, and things can get tiny in the four-player split-screen battles. But there's an added surprise for all you triplets out there: When playing with three, the first player gets 1/2 of the screen, while the other two get quarters. N64.com predicts bruises and bloody noses in the battles for the first controller, comparable only to the good old &quot;who gets to sit in the front seat&quot; fights. Despite some slowdown and lower framerates, XG's multiplayer modes will keep you coming back for more while your other games are already collecting dust on the shelf. Kudos also for the good data management screen that lets you refresh without having to press Reset every time you flip data banks in your switchable Mem Pak.prediction:4
reviewText:If you're looking for a solid racer to fill out your N64 game collection with, F-Zero X is a great choice. The graphics are low on detail, but Nintendo compensated with a huge emphasis on speed. Tracks twist and turn every which way, including death-defying jumps, corkscrews, half pipes, and cylinders. The familar F-Zero soundtrack has been updated too, and keeps the excitment high.However, the Gamecube version basically topped this game in every aspect possible. F-Zero was a franchise where the sequels consistently made their predecessors look hopelessly outdated, and the same applies here. F-Zero X sacrifices graphic detail for speed. F-Zero GX sacrificed neither. So if you've been playing the newer versions, there's no point going back to this one.A solid title for its era, and good if you enjoy retro gaming. Otherwise this probably won't hold your interest as much.prediction:4
reviewText:This is an excellent racing game, I dont care if it is on a dated console, it is still one of the best! Shows how good the game was made and how the N64 can stand up to the test of time. But I do wish they would create a version for the PS2 though. Anyway this is an awesome game and I always play it(most of the time while listening to Rammstein)and it never grow old. You cannot say that about alot of games, but this one you definitley can. It is a must have if you own a N64 and if it comes out on a next gen console like the PS2 I am definitley gonna buy it. Higly Reccomended!prediction:4
reviewText:I remember the first time I saw this game... What a beautiful memory.  Even though the Nintendo 64 turned out to kinda bust, it was my transition from 2d to 3d games.  My first experiences with 3d were with Mario 64.  I first played Nintendo 64 at a friend's house, and Wave Race 64 was one of the first games I played.  My jaw was hanging for about a half hour.  The first thing I saw was Dolphin Park - swimming dolphins, fish, "splashy" sounding music, backflips, barrel rolls, and BEAUTIFUL water.  It was too much!  What a surreal experience!  After I got back up from fainting, my friend and I played this game for HOURS and HOURS and HOURS and HOURS.  We would go to Southern Island and tried to find what we could ramp over, go under, and crash into.  It sounds pathetic, but I've had some of the best times of my life playing Wave Race 64 with friends.I never actually bought the game.  I was around 11 or 12 at the time, and $60 was hard to come up with.  But boy, we would rent it and made use of the WHOLE 72 hours we had it.  I'm 20 years old now, and being frustrated with today's gaming experience, I decided to take a trip down memory lane and finally buy Wave Race 64.  I hoped to experience some of the joy I did so many years ago.  I found it for $2.75 on ebay.  It's still a great game, but it was a little sad to play it again - to see the out-dated graphics and all.  I beat all the circuit classes in no time.  Also, the guys I used to play it with aren't around anymore.  Makes me yearn for the good ol' days. :*(But I'll quit sobbing.  This game is without a doubt a classic.  It is one of the best racing games of ALL TIME.  DO NOT DISAGREE WITH ME.prediction:4
reviewText:not the greatest game ever made, but still enjoyable and for the time it was so unique and fun being able to race on jet skies, graphics were good for when it was made also.prediction:4
reviewText:i dont play the 64 much anymore and even thought about selling it and all my games to my brother but i kept them and once in a while i will get it out and play it and this game is really fun. i like doing a hand stand on the top of the ramp while my brother flys up the ramp and nails my character off his machine and he goes flying. its really funny. we also play chicken and race toward each other and try to do a trick right before we hit.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is 18 years old & the graphics, gameplay & music still hold up.As the rating suggested, this game is great for both kids & adults alike, but if you hate things from the past like an idiot, you'll hate this game. So all in all, this game is awesome if you aren't a past hating hipster.Do not hate a game for it's age.prediction:4
reviewText:This could be considered the companion to Alien Trilogy as it takes place in the Fourth Movie following the first three presented in Alien Trilogy.  This game featured controls that people are more familiar with in these days, but didn't understand at the time.  The controls may be above average, and the graphics are excellent for the time, but seriously, the level design is a piece of crap!  What kind of space ship is this?  Very illogical design leads to BORING gameplay that is only fun for 5 minutes with invincibility turned on, otherwise you'll die in 2 minutes without it because you move soo slow.  An interesting thing is that if you get impregnated by a facehugger you won't be allowed to go through airlocks or elevators, which is interesting that they followed through on this principal with the chestbursters, and you'll have to find a device to take out the creature before the time runs out.  The thing that doesn't make sense with this is that even with a chestburster inside you, aliens will attack you, and that makes no sense.  Facehuggers can also attack you by hitting you with their tails.  Don't play this game, I'd rather watch the movie.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a fun game. This game keeps close to the alien movies, and especially to the fourth one. While some gamers complain that the game has a lot of dead space, with no killing, I didn't find that to be the case. I did cheat and use the cheats codes to help me get through the game, especially with those little facehuggers lying around the floor waiting to get you. The facehuggers can be frustrating, but with the cheat on, you don't die. I like the alien genre and if you enjoy the genre as well, you too will enjoy this game. It is great when it is best played in the dark.prediction:4
reviewText:Jumping Flash 2 may not have graphics and animation that hold up for generations, but the gameplay and music more than make up for it. Based on the price I paid for this game this is an underrated classic, and a timeless gem that any adult or child can immediately get into and enjoy.Control: You feel completely in control with smooth command responses as you jump, shoot, and maneuver enemies and platforms. You can change the button controls in the Options menu at any time.Camera: You are the camera as at any moment you can even look before you jump by holding the R1 button and guiding your view with the DPad.Gameplay: Robbit takes you through a new adventure rescuing a distressed world from a new villainous threat. Not one level appears the same with different challenges and goals throughout. Complete three stages before saving your game is highly recommended. Bonus stages are spread throughout, and different achievements are rewarded with 100% completion and medals. Beat the game to unlock Time Attack. The only thing that would ensure greater replayability is if the game were to have a split screen 2P Vs. Mode.Graphics: As far as 90s polygonal graphics go, it's still a sight to behold with colorful worlds and beautiful views. The cinematic cutscenes are still impressive.Sound: The music in the game is nothing less than enjoyable and even worthy of your iPod.This game is a must for any collection original Playstation games and for anyone who just enjoys games.prediction:4
reviewText:Do you want to soar heights that no human has ever gone before?  Is it your dream to touch the sky, watching the whole planet gradually increase its size from underneath your feet?  Me too, and the Jumping Flash series is the best thing in doing that without having to jump out of a plane.  The basic premise of its gameplay is a Doom perspective on completely 3-D cartoon worlds, where everything and anything can be airborne.  The object of each level is to find the 4 muumuus scattered across each massive world, and then to find the exit launch pad.  This isn't as straightforward as it appears on paper, because the muumuus can be 3000 feet in the air, on mysterious floating platforms (sometimes even floating whales) that soar way above the rest of the level.  No sweat though - your character, a mechanical bunny named Robbit, has extra special jumping powers that will allow Robbit to reach those platforms.  The triple jump of Robbit is so effectively used that it will make many gamers feel queasy.  It's one of the most thrilling feelings you can experience on your Playstation.  My only complaints are that the game, like the first Jumping Flash, is both a bit too easy and a bit too short.  But that's because the game plays so smoothly and offers so much in pure fun that you wish the game could go on forever.  Don't be turned off by its cutesy appearance - this game is an absolute must-have.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is a kind of blend of Space Harrier, Gauntlet, with fps influences. It's not that interesting in any department. Once you've played through level one you've just about seen all it has to offer. Gameplay boils down to holding down the strafe and shoot buttons. The special weapons aren't that useful. The small nuclear bomb is just a key that materializes right in front of the door you have to use it on, it's kind of funny the first time, that's about it. You have a sniper rifle and a parachute but the level design doesn't use them to full effect. Character design is mostly boring, just a naked guy spray painted black, the helmet is kind of interesting in sniper mode with the HUD and Darth Vader sound effect. Enemy designs generally look like fluctuating polygons, the game runs too fast most of the time to tell what they are. Platforming sections are harder than they need to be because the controls and physics aren't that good, you can phase right through some platforms.prediction:4
reviewText:It took some arm-twisting, but Sony finally caved when Capcom demanded it release the next chapter of the X series on their instant-success PS1.  So, with that in mind, did Capcom have what it took to bring this franchise back to life in the 32-bit world?  The answer is a resounding YES!  X4 kept to its 2D platforming roots and not succumbing to the increasingly 3-dimensional nonsense that was the name of the game near the end of the 20th century, and instead used the added bits to paint a vivid and visually amazing canvas in its awesome level structures, graphic effects, and huge, powerful bosses.  Add on the ability to play as Zero in all his saber-swinging glory full time, a tragic story line that divides itself depending on who you're playing as, a few new hidden items to find, some of X's best weapons and Capsule effects, and four, count'em, FOUR different Sigma forms and you have one of the best X games made.  It would've been even better if Capcom was a better judge of character when getting the voice actors for the anime cut-scenes (though as I said, Ruth Shiraishi was better as X than Mega Man in MM8), but I guess beggars can't be choosers...prediction:4
reviewText:Tomba! 2 is just as great as the original with more 3D action, adventure, and addictiveness. They should have made a 3 but simply put, as the popular saying goes, "all good things must come to an end." I got 6 more PS classics to go....prediction:4
reviewText:X-men Mutant Academy is a pretty cool 2-D fighter with with 3-D rendered characters.  It plays a little bit like the Street Fighter Series but its  gameplay is excellent.  Each character has their own strengths and each are  pretty fun to play with.  Each character has a variety of Super Moves (some  of which I am still trying to figure out). The characters are Storm,  Wolverine, Cyclops, Gambit, Phoenix, Beast, Sabretooth, Mystique, Toad, and  Magneto. Although the number of characters you can use is small, its still  a very fun game to play.The graphics are excellent. There are different  scenes behind every battle such as the Danger Room, the Bayou..aka Gambit  etc. Each character has very cool voice overs which are played at the end  of each battle.Bottomline, where this title is not as stong as the  Tekken Series, it is still a very fun fighter for the Playstation!  Its  excellent graphics, sound and gameplay will have you coming back for more  and more.  This one is well worth a purchase!prediction:4
reviewText:This game is good. Good things. The fun facter is wonderful. It has a ton of complex features and planning. The story line is wonderful. You get to nearly completely custimize your entire team. They have special classes and skills. Your missions are very different and unique. There are unlimited ways to complete your mission adding a strong point to the replay value. The story is well told and interesting. They are in real world locations.You've A arsenal of weapons and gadgets and body armer to custimize your men and women with. The game game is very realistic. If one of the men dies in a mission you can't use him in another mission he is dead. If a person is incapicated in battle you cannot use this operative in another mission for a certain amount of missions till he or she heals. Also you can be wounded this happends eather if you are wounded in battle or you were incapicitated and know you are nearly healed. When you are wounded you can go into battle but have loss to your skills. Types of soilders are Assault Recon Demolitions Electronics Sniper they have skills fitting their type. tYpes of missions include preventing a nuclear meltdown recon planting explosives capturing an enemy leader rescuing hostages nuetrilizing a group of terrorists and busting a arms deal prevent terrorists from escaping from a bust. You and your teamates have a realistic amount of health excluding bodyarmer you have as much health as the badguys. You can custimize down to the bullet you use in planning. Nuetrel things. The enemy AI isn't that good. Enemies aren't very smart they don't really pay attention to their surronding killing them is easy. They will run from a grenade and set off a alarm but they could just be standin around not awear of anything until he sees you. So if you are behind him or near him in a position where if he just looked around he'll see you but he dosen'tlook around. This dosen't count for patroling enemies. When an enemy sees you he just walk towards you firing not ducking or hiding behind a wall. If you capture a enemy captain which you have to do in a mission he'll sound just like a hostage you are rescuing. Acting like they were rescued as prisoners not being captured as a prisoner. Bad things. Your team AI sucks they will will just stand there cluelessly unless you tell them to do something or you make them have a plan which they will follow like rbots only shooting enemy and doing what they are told. They basicly don't think for themselfs. You can shoot at one he'll stand there doing nothing and your other teammates won't even notice that their coleege is getting killed.Also it is loadeed with bugs and graphicel gliches enemy's go through walls. You get cought in graphics allot. Voices and music slur crackel. Enemies sometime float around or the body's are lieing firmly in mid air. I'm giving it 4 stars because even though it has some problems it is a really good game any realistic anterrorism shooting game fan would like it.prediction:4
reviewText:R6:RS is one of the best FPS games out there admit some real compition in the genre. The graphics are very good, oddly it did not make use of all the shading effects possible. It also sports some really good voice acting in the briefing missions. The game play is awsome, the AI is almost perfect. While most of the tangos simply stand around their reaction to your team is very real and intelligent. However too often I would step through a door way and get killed-only my squad did not notice, they would contiue to the waypoint. Even if the tangos are in the path of the waypoint your teammates can get cut down fast if one of them does not have clear LOS. While the enemy AI is so good, it is starnge the friendly AI is a notch or two below but still better than the first R6. There are lots of little things that are cool, there is extreme attension to detail here. I really liked seeing the charactors breath and see their breath in the air! The weapon selection is really big, but only a couple of the weapons will you use. The AI is so sensitive to sound that to use something with out a silencer is asking for failure. Most of the weapons are too loud to use on most of the missions so they are basicly useless in single player. Also how each weapon sounds is very authentic and I loved to hear the SMGs just firing away! A new feature are the snipers, while this is good to use they have the same problem as above, the sniper rifles are too loud. I gave my snipers the MP5SD5 rather than the rifles they were supposed to use and it still works rather well. The learning curve is sharp, and much of the planning phase is worthless till you have played the mission a few times to understand the map. However it pays to have a good plan, and that is what really wins the game is good planning. It is extremely rewarding to see your plan work perfectly.prediction:4
reviewText:Rogue Spear is a very cool game... It's gaming-style is similar to Delta Force but it has much more depth, interaction and is more exciting. First  of all, theres the wide range of uniforms, weapons and characters to choose  from. Also, after each successful mission, you get an awesome full sized  screen shot that you can print out by pressing Print Screen on your  keyboard and pasting it into any document. It's realistic, with enemies  that duck, hide, surrender and much more. The missions are preceded by  briefings that you can actually UNDERSTAND and profiles of the enemy  organization. The environment is just like being there, with sandstorms in  Oman and rain and thunder in Kosovo to name a few.... What can I say, the  only thing that could possibly beat it is actually joining the army :).prediction:4
reviewText:Sequal to the 1998 Action Game of the Year, Rogue Spear is a perfect mix of action, espionage and stratagey. The game picks up with your team, Rainbow, trying to stop the terrors that roam the world. You select from  over 25 memebers to create your team, and than select weapons and outfits.  You can also plan your own attack, but I found it funner to use the  pre-made plans. Once in the heat of the action you can switch between  teams, which carry snipers, assualt and electronic experts. In 1 player if  a memeber dies, he is no longer accesible. Missions range from a stranded  747 to a TV station. The replay in the game is unbelivable. I got it the  day it came out and still have even MORE fun playing it. Each time  unlocking new stratagies and tips. There are a variety of modes ranging  from lone wolf (just one character) to terrorist hunt. The game plays out  like the Tom Clancy films, &quot;Clear and Present Danger&quot; and  &quot;Patriot Games&quot; and if you pay attention to the films, even has  some of the same charcters. Graphics are superb and sound is amazing. If  you crank up the speakers, the game contains moments of absoulutely no  sound, to Matrix style shoot-outs. The suspense is amazing. The game uses  little music in gameplay to amplify the sound of footsteps and gunshots.  When you've been playing a mission for 30 minutes trying to beat it, and  you barely escape a sniper, the thrill is amazing. And to later get shot by  a terrorist in the shadows is a crushing defeat. If you pick this puppy up,  I gurantee it will become one of your best friends.prediction:4
reviewText:This was the first first person shooter I ever played that used a mouse to aim, needless to say, it got me hooked to the genre.My favorite thing about this game is how realistic it is.  It's definately probaby the most realistic first person shooter I've ever played (next to Day of Defeat.)  But not only that, it was achieved WITHOUT sacrificing gameplay or limiting fun.  It's hard to do, yet it was achieved in this game.The graphics are also very nice, my older computer (I don't know the specs) was able to run the game quite well when it had problems with most other games.I can't really think of anything negative to say about this game.It deserves a chance.prediction:4
reviewText:Introduction: Blood Omen Legacy of Kain is the first game in the Legacy Of Cain line produced by Chrystal Dynamics. It was created by them with the help of Silicon Knights and is a Gothic fantasy game about a vampire named Kain and his quest to save the world and come to terms with what he is at the same time. This game is one of my personal favorites, it has a wonderful setting, a fantastic story and amazing characters. And even now many years after it's release when it's graphics are outdated and far more advanced games are out there to thrill the senses. I am still blown away by the powerful, beautiful story and fun game play of Blood Omen Legacy Of Kain.Game Play: This game, unlike the later games in the series is not a Tomb Raider style 3D game, instead it is a classical fantasy game where you see your character sideways and down like in Zelda. The setting is very nice, a typical fantasy world with inns, strange creatures, swords, magic and evil sorcerers. The game play can become a bit repetitive, there are unknown hoards of enemies and you hack then to pieces with your sword, or ax or mace and whatever you got, or blast them with spells and artifacts. You do not get EXP in this game, your character Kain advances when he finds items along the story line so all the slaughtering get a bit boring after some time, you get no reward for it except a more cool title at he end of the game. Instead of whelp your title might say prince of darkness if you find enough secrets and kill enough pepole. One nice feature of the game is that you have to drink blood from your enemies to keep your strength up. And your health meter is how much blood you have in your body in keeping with the vampire theme. You also learn to turn into a bat and a wolf and so on later on so you really feel you are playing a traditional vampire. This game was also one of the first computer games to use the legendary weakness for waters that vampires in myth have, rain and ordinary rivers can be deadly creating something a bit different. The game is huge, with an massive story line so you get allot of entertainment for your money with this game. The game is also not so difficult that you become frustrated, the game flow easy so you can enjoy the story, but it is not so easy as to not be challenging either.Story: I will not say to much about the story in Blood Omen Legacy Of Kain so I do not spoil it for anyone, but I will say that it is wonderful, extremely detailed and would make a good book or a movie. In a way the story is rather typical of a computer RPG. There are some magical pillars and some evil sorcerers that have corrupted them and it fall you you, you lucky bastard to defeat the sorcerers and bring back some artifacts to save the magical pillars and by that the world. Rather standard, but it is the story woven into this that is rather breathtaking. The characters are so good, and the voice talent of Simon Templeman just bring the tragic and powerful character of Kain to life. The story will suck you in.Graphics: At the time it was released Legacy Of Kain had mediocre graphics, they where ok, but not really great, the cut scenes are nice, and while the graphics are not fantastic, they do manage to capture the mood of the game and I think they do the job. The important thing in this game is the story, and the graphics are good enough, even if they are not exactly a selling point for the game.Sound: The sound of the game is really good, from the talented voice actors, many of witch are known cartoon voice actors or even regular actors, to the mood creating music and sound effects.Conclusion: Blood Omen Legacy Of Kain is a wonderful game. if you like deep and involving computer RPGs then this is the game for you. All is wonderful about the game, the setting, the story, everything. The only thing I could say that pull it a bit down is that it is a bit to repetitive, it is cool to hack pesky villagers and monsters like to bits and drain their blood, but there is a limit to how long that is fun. I would give this game 9 out of 10, with only the bit repetitative game play and the sub par graphics pulling it down from a full 10. Still if you own a Playstation or a Playstation 2 and like RPG's and fantasy games, then get your hands on Blood Omen Legacy Of Kain. You will not regret it.prediction:4
reviewText:Any true fan of the Legacy of Kain/ Soul Reaver series must place this game at the top of their list in the series, as not only did this entry set the tone and the pace for the rest of the series, but it was a turning point for well done voice acting incorporated with a twisting and turning plot, which leaves you guessing until the very end. First things first though, this game has some of if not the worst loading times of all time in my honest opinion. However, if you can imagine the top down perspective of Legend of Zelda: A link to the Past with the graphics that were full of drab dark colors, creating an almost gothic overtone, you might realize why this game was pushing the Playstation 1 to its proverbial limits. The music is equally as enthraling, with a mixture of orchestral quality dynamics, and haunting sounds that will stay with you long after the game is turned off.Overall the game is one of the best role plaing/action games on the system, and combined with one of the most engaging storylines ever devised, as well as some of the most gut wrenching and blood filled cinemas , the game pushed the limits of what could be allowed on Playstation (look at the censoring of the original Resident Evil for example). But it is not just this eclectic mixture that gives this game top honors in my book; it is more so in its ability to draw the player into Kains soul, witnessing his will being torn apart at the seams as he attempts to confront his own personal demons, upon being turned into a vampire at the beginning of the game. Upon awakening in his sanctuary, Kain finds the world much more to his liking, although the further he continues into his quest the more he questions his original willingness to become a vampire. Epic in every sense of the word, I dar anyone who says they are a videogame junkie to complet this game 100%, as this is a true test of patience, as well as utter skill. Its shortcomings are easily overlooked, once you realize just how engaging this game truly is, with completly different weapons at your disposal (you just can't forget the hum of the Soul Reaver the first time you acquire it) to the numerous types of armor, and magic you acquire, this game is an overlooked gem. Stick with it and you will not be dissappointed. Enjoy your nightmares.prediction:4
reviewText:Too many words exist to describe this masterpiece game.  The original PlayStation had quite a few hit games in its time, but this would be one I would rate within the top 10 best games ever.  The sequels, not so much, but this game had it all:  the capturing storyline, the incredibly clear and believable character voices, great sound effects, but mostly the true darkness this game entails--hell on earth in mid-evil times, and you're a vampire with a cache of weapons and spells out to deal justice.  The view was interesting for it's time, 3-d from above, but it's amazingly easy to navigate, especially once you can morph into animals.This game will never die, it's truly a forever game and I'll own a copy of it just like FF7 and Castlevania: SotN til the end of time!  Buy it if you're into older games, from one gamer to another:  it's worth it.prediction:4
reviewText:Suikoden is an RPG similar in style to older RPGs like Final Fantasy VI, Chrono Trigger, and Wild Arms. There are no fancy cinematics, no complex subplots, and rarely as challenging as the newer, full-scale RPGs. But this does not deplete the value of  the game, considering it was made in 1996, before FFVII and Chrono Cross ever crossed the PSX radar.You are the son of a famous general who, on a quest for the empire, stumbles onto a renegade army of outlaws, called the Liberation Army, a group of people who seek to overthrow the empire. You, inevitably, get caught up in their cause. Where Suikoden differs from other RPGs is the diverse selection of fighters you can choose from, 108 intotal. Each character has various abilities and attributes, and can help in different ways. Finding all 108 characters helps give Suikoden some decent replay value. Unlike Final Fantasy VII, which spans 3 CDs, Suikoden only spans one, so don't expect the 100+ hours of game time.Graphically, this is nothin to get too excited about. The typical top-scrolling view you expect from old-school RPGs is here. As said before, there are no cinematics, so anyone expecting FFX material are lout of luck. Being someone who loves old-school RPGs, this is a pro rather than a con. The music is nice and atmospheric, and blends in nicely with the game.Overall, this is a fine, albeit short, little RPG. All the elements that make RPGs great are here. The only complain I have is that there are times when the game seems too easy. Otherwise, I am happy with Suikoden and would recommend it to any RPG lover.prediction:4
reviewText:I remember getting this game when it came out. I didn't hear anything about it but my mom was willing to buy me anything. I'm glad she bought it for me.This game is truly epic. The music is awesome. It's no par with FF7's music. It truly is some of the best. The battles are great. There are normal ones which are fun. You get to use 6 characters. Your party is up to you. Over the game you get 108 different characters, of which 2/3rds are playable in battle. There are also duels. Duels are fun. Wars are awesome in this game. There is alot going on. The graphics are well done. For a 2d game. There are tons of different good looking sprites. The story is also magnificent. My favorite story ever. You come to love the characters. The game also ends perfectly. It is a tear-jerker. Right after the final battle I may have teared a little. The game is fun though. If you see it buy it. The game is well worth it because it is my favorite game of all time. It beat out MGS on my list, so it's good.prediction:4
reviewText:The Konami we all know is back. Remember all the good quality games we used to get from this company? Well, Konami is trying to get back into shape, and Suikoden, the year's best RPG, is a step in the right direction. The story is simple. You are the son of the General Teo, one of the emperor's most powerful generals. Immediately, your father leaves to fight a battle up north leaving a few of his trusted friends to watch over of you. Soon after, you come to realize that you and your father been serving on the wrong side. The Emperor and his generals' minds have been brainwashed. The result is unhappy subjects and an enslaved country. Knowing this you join the Liberation Army and when their heroic leader is assassinated by the baddies, you are chosen as leader. Your job now is to recruit thousands of men to join the Liberation Army and restore peace to the country.Suikoden is full of beautiful backgrounds (especially your castle which you can name), not to mention outstanding effects for magic spells. The music is incredible, rivaling the soundtrack of Square's Final Fantasy 3! Some of the sound effects used in spells are reminiscent of those taken off old He-Man episodes, which oddly enough sounds terrific. All this plus intricate plot twists and an inspiring storyline constantly push this game forward. Suikoden is undeniably one of the best RPGs ever made. Not only that, but Suikoden isn't a game that can be finished in a few days either. Suikoden is long (about 25+ hours) and it doesn't get boring... ever.prediction:4
reviewText:This was the first non-Square RPG I really got into, and I've loved every minute of it.  This game has several things that I personally enjoyed the most:1) It's a cartoon- I've always preferred cartoony, anime-style characters to realistic characters.  The appearance of the people lightens some of the darker parts of the story.2) Very innovative- The battle system is a mixture of good old fashioned spell menus and item lists and fast-paced roughhousing with button combinations; it's like mixing &quot;Final Fantasy&quot; with &quot;Street Fighter.&quot;3) Awesome story- The story isn't anywhere near as developed as something like &quot;Final Fantasy Tactics,&quot; but it's solid and ensnaring.  I was on the edge of my proverbial seat the entire time.4) Voices- This game hasn't been butchered by lousy English voice actors, and everyone's sound bites are still in their original Japanese.  For some reason, game voices sound cooler when you don't know what they're saying.So, if you're looking for a great game, this is definitely for you.  I extremely recommend this one.prediction:4
reviewText:There's a reason why this game is held in such high regard among true blue shooter fans.  Einhander has the trappings of a legendary game within its genre.  Dazzling graphics, tight control, outstanding music and sounds, and a strong variety of weapons.  They're all here, but that's not where the fun stops.  There's also an art gallery that grows as the quality of your performance increases and an intriguing story, much different from the usual &quot;an evil alien empire wants to destroy humanity, let's send one fighter pilot to stop all 500,000,000 of them&quot; fare.  In Einhander, you're on a suicide mission and you're painfully aware of it.  Beautiful!Einhander's visuals are beyond reproach.  The backgrounds are vibrant and detailed without being garish or distracting, especially stage five.  Ship designs are cool all around, and every enemy, from the mightiest boss to the lowliest peon, goes out in a blaze of glory when you destroy it, instead of merely blinking out of existence or disappearing in a bland red puff.On the audio front, the sound effects are excellent.  Launching rockets, shattering neon signs, and, of course, explosions.  All well done.  The intentionally emotionless female voice that addresses you after each stage is very credible, and the German commands you hear during boss encounters lend a terrific sense of atmosphere to the game.  Moody and catchy techno tunes provide the musical backdrop and, for the most part, complement the corresponding areas perfectly.  The operatic female vocals at the beginning of stage one clash very effectively with the destruction that ensues and let you know your ears are in for a treat from the start.  And, the music for the sixth stage end boss (after the rocket with the time limit) is so rousing, you won't even care when he kills you 20 times in a row.Eight special weapons are readily available and there's something for every taste, from the heat-seeking Wasp (&quot;You can run, but you can't hide!&quot;) to the lightsaber-like Blade (&quot;I don't need no Force to kick your sorry butt!&quot;) to the no-nonsense, wallop-packing Cannon (&quot;JUST DIE!!!!&quot;).  Plus, there are four others (each a sort of variation on one of the ubiquitous eight) hidden throughout the game.Einhander's developers hit the nail squarely on the head (pun absolutely intended) where the challenge level is concerned.  The game can get pretty rough, but it's the GOOD kind of rough.  No shields or defensive power-ups are available (one of the game's very few flaws) so one hit will kill you, but it has to be solid, direct impact.  Enemy bullets that travel at 2 MPH and just barely graze the little ball on the top of your radio antenna don't count.  The last two bosses are tough to beat, and some of the earlier ones aren't exactly a cake walk either, but the only one that I think crosses the line between &quot;challenging&quot; and &quot;frustrating&quot; is the robotic ape mid-way through stage five.  Oh, how I despise that banana-chewing abomination!You get three lives per credit and nine continues for a total of 30 lives, though you'll earn an extra life or two along the way when you attain a certain score.  However, there is one point in the game...the rocket you approach from behind...where, if you fail to defeat it within the given time limit, it's GAME OVER no matter how many lives or continues you have left!  So, unless you want to see the &quot;bad&quot; (or should I say &quot;worse&quot;?) ending, I'd advise you to get yourself killed if it looks like you're not gonna get the job done in time.  Then, you'll get another shot at it.If proof was ever needed that 2-D games can still be plenty of fun, Einhander is that proof.  I revel in the fact that it outshines many more modernized games on all fronts despite the old-fashioned 2-D gameplay.  The only exception is the Wasp missile being able to seek and destroy on-screen enemies that have yet to align with your ship (and certain objects in the background, too...that's a hint).  Some might complain about the lack of a two-player mode, but in my opinion the gloomy suicide mission aspect of the game would be jeopardized if it weren't played solo.  With three ships to select from and no shortage of secrets (including two additional ships), the replay value is strong, but even if that weren't the case, you'd want to play it again and again anyway, because it's crafted with such tender, loving care and, on many levels, it's flawless.  I have no qualms about calling Einhander one of the all-time great games for the PlayStation.  Square would be well advised to re-release it (along with Final Fantasy Tactics and Xenogears).  Don't hesitate to grab a copy if you come across one, as I for one am NOT selling mine!prediction:4
reviewText:This game and its twin, Panzer General, are probably the best strat games for the Playstation.  I've loved them, and their PC successors, for years.  These have crappy graphics and clunky movement and firing rules compared to PZ2 & PZ3, but I still love them.The only reason Im reviewing this after 10 years is because I'm interested in what another review wrote about the Pskov scenario in the Russian campaign.  It has to be bugged.I remember trying for months to beat it, to the point where I reloaded extensively until one time I beat it with a major victory. Anything other than a major appears to end the campaign with a loss.I saved that win on a memory card and any any time I wanted to play the Russian campaign I just started with that save.  So my old memory card got trashed in a flood and now I have to try to replicate what took about 1 month of on and off again playing to beat Pskov the first time.  Can anyone (if anyone reads this in the next three years) tell me if there is any quick and easy way to pull a major on Pskov?prediction:4
reviewText:But haven't ya'll heard of an uldn' but a goodn'?The Panzer General Series is truly an incredible step forward in turn based strategy.  Not as simple as such games as Heroes of Might and Magic 3 but much more simple than The Battle of Kursk.  In this middle nitche, players get to feel like they are running an army but they don't get saddled with the 3 to 1 logistic system.And, as quaint as Panzer General may seem, it is a very deep game.  Even Panzer General 2 avoided have the polethera of units and tactics as are in 1.  You will be able to use navies, strategic bombers and just about anything else one might expect to see on the WWII battlefield.  Play is challenging and rarely stale.  Getting the coveted Decisive Victory is never too easy but it remains attainable and rewarding.  The prestige system is also useful, giving players points for taking cities, eradicating units and so on.  But...Most importantly, your army carries over from level to level, meanng that the game can be played several times with different units and the outcome will be different(there are also branches based on the speed of victory).  Trust me, this game is timeless and endless.prediction:4
reviewText:This can be considered `the' WW2 strategy game for the PC, which single-handedly revived PC wargaming and forever changed the genre with its continuing influence. Even by today's standards, the game is fun, challenging and accessible, and still provides hours of gameplay even after all these years.For those unfamiliar with it, Panzer general is a turn-based WW2 strategy game that allows you to fight out the major (and hypothetical) campaigns of the second world war at the roughly operational level, with players moving around units of tanks, infantry, aircraft, artillery, etc. While historical accuracy is not paramount as in other more grognard-oriented titles, it does boast a wealth of historical vehicles, aircraft and troop types for the player to command. While the graphics and sound may be dated, the gameplay at the heart of PG is still rock solid and engrossing.Players can try their hand at a number of individual scenarios, but the heart of the game is in the campaign. In the grand campaign, players start out with a handful of core units at the beginning of the Polish campaign, and from here the player fights out the entire war to either its triumphant conclusion or bitter end. With each completed mission, the player has the opportunity to upgrade existing units for their core force, and also purchase new ones. Units also acquire experience throughout the game, an excellent concept that forces players to think strategically and play smart to avoid loosing these precious units. Win or loose though, the campaign is a blast. Win marginally and loose some throughout the campaign, and you could end up defending Berlin from the Soviets. Win big every time, and you could be invading America!This game is still on my hard drive today after all these years, and for anyone that has not yet played PG it is well worth the time and effort to get a copy and experience it. Later games in the `generals' series added refinements visually and tweaked gameplay, but none had the instant immersion appeal and charm that this game still possesses. This is simply one of the greatest strategy games of all time.prediction:4
reviewText:ythis game makes you use your head and it makes it fun. Their are many paths to victory and it is cool to be able to fight your way through DC but remember to beef up your air force because America won't hold back their jets justs because you only have stukas (big mistake on my part)prediction:4
reviewText:Astal for the Sega Saturn is a one or two player game that's similar to the likes of Rayman, but is a S.S. exclusive and a one of a kind game. I'm not comparing the two, they are just similar. Astal is an anime type game that has beauty, class, cool graphics, and also great re-play value. I just love the way the Japanese can come up with the craziest story lines for their games. ( and cartoons ) Astal comes from the planet Quartalia, and he was created from a red jewel. The girl he is trying to save came from a green jewel, and they both were created by the goddess Antowas. ( who takes a lot of naps ) And what self respecting anime game would be complete without an evil demon to chastise the hero? Well this one's name is Jerado, Ohhhhhhhhh! Astel must now save his world and his love intrest, Leda. He also has the help of a bird companion that helps him out a lot. In the two player mode, the second player plays the bird, ( never tried the two player mode ) but it looks like fun! The control is not bad, and Astal can perform a breath attack, pick up and throw heavy objects, the ground pound, and the air punch. You can also make the bird search for items, attack,  perform special tasks, and you do this just by whistling. ( on the controller ) There are fifteen levels of 2-D platforming bliss in this rare Sega Saturn Jewel. The worlds are colorful, the bosses are cool, the story is strange but fun,  the artwork is great and well drawn, the game-play is top notch, and the music & F/X are fantastic! ( the voice-overs are cheesy, but I like cheesy! ) If I had a complaint ( but I don't ) it would be the control could be tweaked a bit tighter, but still it's not too bad overall! If you like anime, Japanese humor, and solid platforming games this one's for you. Astal is a must for any S.S. collection. " Happy gaming! "prediction:4
reviewText:It's RayForce, er... Galactic Attack!Don't know why they changed the name, but hey.It's a nearly arcade perfect port. There are a few little graphical differences, but overall, it's dead-on.The good:* Excellent graphics. It's a 2D shooter, but it's full of scaling, zooming, parallax, and all sort of pseudo 3D effects. Very cool.* Controls well.* Fun levels and bosses. You have a homing laser weapon that can lock onto enemies that are beneath you.* Pumping soundtrack with higher quality instruments than the arcade version.The bad:* It's hard. The last few levels are extremely punishing.* It doesn't save high scores to the backup RAM. Or at least it hasn't done that for me.Verdict? If you have a Saturn, you need Galactic Attack. Visually impressive and a blast to play, it's one of the better shooters on the Saturn. Sure, it's not Radiant Silvergun, but an outstanding game is still outstanding.prediction:4
reviewText:I remember playing the demo for this when I first got my Sega Saturn at 14. It was amazing. The music was also spectacular (I could listen to it by popping the disc into my CD player; even in 2012 it still works). I finally played the full game much later. It's challenging, but the visuals are magnificent. This isn't just nostalgia talking; this is a great, imaginative game.prediction:4
reviewText:First of all I heard the pointless review from the irate gamer (AVGN copycat) on you tube and I thought he was just plain pathetic at trolling this game with his boring humor.Now for my review. The game has great levels fun platforms and for collecting diamonds are more fun and challenging to do (I never could collect em all). My most favorite levels are the cave of wonders and inside the genies lamp and the music was excellent for every level, But my slightest complaint was beating jafar at the end was such a piece of cake it wasn't even challenging.Overall great game and I give it a 4 star rating.prediction:4
reviewText:Maybe it is childhood memories, but I enjoyed this game when I was a kid and I still do. The game is somewhat repetitive and Robin looks retarded, but the gameplay and amount of different weapons at your disposal is rare for a batman game back in this days. This is a solid game and deserves a 4 star rating.prediction:4
reviewText:If you loved Donkey Kong Country 1 or 2 (OR BOTH!!!) then you will definately love this addition to the beloved snes Franchise! It takes what the first two have done and runs with it to make a spectacular third installment to the revered trilogy for snes! You play as Dixie Kong and Kiddy Kong! We have been introduced to Dixie Kong in the second installment but now we have Kiddy Kong! Rest assured what this toddler lacks in age he makes up for in sheer strength and size! Think of him as a toddler version of Donkey Kong! It ends the snes trilogy in a very good way! It is definately a fun and addicting addition to the beloved franchise! I highly recommend it 10/10prediction:4
reviewText:this is a great game to end the donkey kong trilogy on the snes. I am a bigger fan of the first two games but as a collector of NES and SNES products this game is a must have. good condition works perfectly. A+prediction:4
reviewText:In June 1995, two of my dad's work friends took me out to dinner.  We had Little Caesars pizza.  That wasn't the only cool thing to happen that night.  I also was allowed to pick out a present.  Nothing too expensive, just a little something to keep me entertained.  We walked to a video store that was ready to go out of business.  They had some WWF wrestling videos (back then it was called WWF, not WWE like today), and I was about to buy a video because the prices were cheap and I was a big wrestling fan at the time.  But then I noticed a nearly-empty shelf to the left of the wrestling tapes where The Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past was sitting.It wasn't in the best condition.  The cardboard box was in fine shape, but the instruction booklet was all screwed up.  Looked like a dog went crazy on it.  All the pages in the booklet were there, the print was certainly readable, I could turn the pages okay, but certain pages were crinkled.  In fact the front page of the instruction booklet was so crinkled it was as soft as toilet paper!  The price of the game was reasonable, and the game cartridge was in pretty good condition.  So I asked my dad's friends for the Zelda game and they bought it for me.But I made a mistake.  A few days later my cousin came to my house.  I was thinking about hiding it because I knew my cousin was a big Zelda fan and was extremely eager to play the one and only Zelda game on the Super NES.  I wanted to play through the game and THEN let him borrow it.  I thought about it for a few minutes but decided not to hide it.  If I had done that, I would've felt guilty about it after he walked out the door.  He's my cousin, and I love him, and we get along great.  So I just couldn't do it.So I prepared myself for what was to come... my cousin begging me &quot;please PLEASE let me borrow it!  PLEEEEEEEEEASE!!!&quot;  I gave in and let him borrow it.  He borrowed it for a couple weeks and beat the game before I hardly even had the chance to play it.  But I'm glad he enjoyed it, because his enthusiasm over the game got me more excited to play it, when he returned it.I've since lost the game and don't know for sure what happened to it.  I think I gave it away to a high school friend in 1998.  I figured "I'm done with the game.  I don't need to play it anymore.  Time to move on to other things".Stupid me and my big wrong mind!I plan on buying it again because lately I've been having severe urges to play it.  You know the urges are getting stronger when you begin dreaming about it!Even though I had a lot of fun playing The Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past in the mid-90's, and probably went through the quest at least 30 times, I don't think I appreciated the game as much as I should have.  I don't think I realized back in 1995 that I was playing a classic Nintendo game.  I didn't realize Zelda: Link to the Past has a perfect balance of RPG, action, and adventure, and not many games can successfully pull off such a daring idea.  I should have known that if anybody could do it, it'd be Nintendo.It's a very colorful game.  I think the colors help make the graphics look better.  I wouldn't say the graphics are bad, though.  I don't think Nintendo could have improved on the graphics because this IS an early 90's game after all, and Nintendo was in the beginning stages of finding out what the Super Nintendo could do.  Nintendo found out the Super NES could do much more and go much further than originally expected when Star Fox and Donkey Kong Country were created.I don't think Zelda: Link to the Past is a very challenging game, except in certain places, but it does have its fair share of tricky moments.  I guarantee you will beat it eventually though, and it's much easier than the original Legend of Zelda on the NES.  As for the music, everything sounds very clear and ahead of its time.  The music plays in all the appropriate places too.  The dark places have quiet, spooky music.  The music in the lighter, happier areas of the land give off an energetic and confident feeling, making it feel like Link is on top of the world and nothing can go wrong.  Expect to hear mellow themes which might bring you to tears.  I'll have a tissue box waiting for you in case it happens!  Supposedly the guy who created the music in this game is a master of coming up with incredibly fitting orchestral themes.  And I believe that to be true.You probably won't need any kind of strategy guide.  I didn't need one, except to look up information for a couple heart pieces I was having trouble finding (even though it's not necessary to find all the heart pieces).  I also needed help reaching the third castle in the Dark World (which IS necessary to completing the game).  But that's it.  And I didn't have the internet in the mid-90's, so I had to ask friends for help.Not many weapons and items are hidden in crazy locations (except the flute maybe, but it's not that difficult to find).  So you won't often be looking at your TV screen with a confused look on your face wondering where something is, because most of the time you just have to walk around talking to people and experimenting with your weapons and items and eventually you will find what you need to progress further into the quest.  So if you come across something unusual and don't know the purpose of it, try some of your items on it to see if anything happens.Excellent game in every way, and hopefully when I buy it again I'll be able to appreciate all the time and energy that went into making it.  You can count on wasting many hours playing through this exciting adventure.prediction:4
reviewText:This is my FAVORITE Zelda game of all time! I had it growing up, from ages 10 to about 18, which then I sold my SNES and games... I hated that stupid mistake! Now I am starting to build up a small collection of retro games, and this one is the icing on the top!The GBA version was cool, with all the neat little features that were added, but I just didn't enjoy it as much as the classic Zelda on SNES. As they say: &#34;Classics never die.&#34;, which I stand by in everything: cars, song, video games, ect..Bought used for only $32, in Very Good condition, I am VERY pleased!I use it in my Rerto-Bit Duo, and the picture is very nice.There's just this certain feeling you get when you play your favorite game (in a franchise) that makes you wanna cry tears of joy.Overall, I'm very, very happy to have this game again.prediction:4
reviewText:My first experience with Zelda began when I saw my uncle playing it in 1986 on my grandmas television. I didn't bother playing as I was too intimidated as a 6 year old at the time. I tried it, but there were no cracks in the walls to let you know where to bomb and finding some of the levels proved too difficult at the time. (I have since beaten it plus the master quest.)Then I bought Zelda 2 as a kid. Some say its the black sheep but its my second favorite Zelda game. I beat that game on my own after getting stuck a few times. Anyone remember finding "Error" in the woods for the letter to move on?Which brings me to this game. I borrowed it from a richer friend when it first came out and I was just getting out of elementary school. The music was ground breaking, the graphics were 2d at its best and still holds up pretty well to me. The puzzles were tricky but I eventually did solve most of them. I couldn't put this game down till I was done. The level of difficulty was just right. (Take that Ocarina of Time, a game where i constantly got stuck and thought it was really difficult to get through without help of some sort. People still praise it as the great game ever but i dunno about that one...)Maybe this game brings out my old school 2d love but I prefer this one to any 3d Zelda game and it is a diffinite upgrade to Zelda 1. Must play!prediction:4
reviewText:Yes the graphics are 16bit. But they hold up so well. OoT looks dated and is almost non-playable amongst the newer standards of the next gen 3d graphics (the draw distances are terrible). But LttP was and is at the fore front of sprite based games and is a hoot not only for nostaglia but also something I will offer to future generations of gamers as a true classic. What great story, and twists, and fun gameplay. Like a favorite moview that you cherish and want to relive, I take my time to enjoy each aspect and have never raced to get through. A rarity in gaming.prediction:4
reviewText:This game brings back a lot of memories for me.  How I got it was actually an accident; I wanted my mother to buy me a Nintendo 64 game, but I didn't have a Nintendo 64, and she thought I meant that I wanted it for my Super Nintendo, and ended up buying me this instead.  It was one of the best accidents ever!  The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past has an engaging storyline that wraps you up instantly!  It's easy to learn, as you get somewhat of a tutorial at the start, and becomes fun to play!  You basically beat monsters for more heart containers (which increases your health) and in order to rescue princess Zelda.  Along the way, you get neatest tools: a hammer for smashing things, flippers for swimming, and even a mirror for traveling between two versions of the same world!  Cool puzzles between fights, even the boss temple puzzles, keep the game from being tedious and boring.  You'll also come across fairies that will upgrade your stuff and heal you.  This game is basically amazing.  If you don't already have it in your collection GET IT.prediction:4
reviewText:Legend Of Zelda A Link To The Past released in 1992 big hit for The SNES & around this time 92-94 was when the Super Nintendo & Sega Genesis were neck & neck & while the Sega Genesis had great beat em ups arcade games shooters & fighting games. If you wanted RPG's adventure games puzzles solving platformers you went for The Super Nintendo. Legend Of Zelda A Link To The Past is in my opinion is the best of any Zelda game I know some will say "Oh what about Ocorina Of Time" Ocorina Of Time is awesome I love that game I played it a lot when it came out & I still do play these games here & there. There all awesome I do think of some  Zelda games as there own game others are sequels like  Adventure Of Link was a sequel to the 1st Zelda or Majorias Mask is a sequel to Ocorina Of Time. LTP is it's  own game like Ocorina Of Time is it's own game. Most games for me don't need a storyline. Zelda on the other hand needs a story. The story is Zelda contacts Link telepathically Link's Uncle heads out to you follow him & find him wounded it's all up to you. You find Zelda & you take her to some Preist then you go out to find 3 Pendants to get The Master Sword. There's the Eastern Palace, The Desert Palace & then then the palace in the mountains. You need The Master Sword to kill Agahnim who works for the main villain Gannon Agahnim us taking these Maidens into the Dark World so Gannon can unlock the Triforce also in the graphic novel Agahnim does more than Gannon's bidding he actually r @ p 3 s them. The 1st 2 Dungones you should get through with no problem the mountain dungon is a little more tricky & the boss when he knocks you over to the side & you have to go back & fight him again God is that frustrating. When you do get The Master Sword Zelda contacts you telepathically she's been kidnapped by Agahnim so you try to save her but it's to late he trransports her to The Dark World where you have save The 6 Maidens the 1st 2 dungens souldn't be a problem but when you get to the 3rd & 4th where you got to use your head. Playing it again some of it was by memory some was help from a walktrough & some was help via playthrough videos. The palace in The Dark Woods those hand things that grab you & take you back to the beginning I hate those things. I forgot that you had to open a hole in the 4th dungon so the light would be in the room. I feel it is a smart game a well done game. Cause you have to to look for weapons magical weapons that get you from point A to point B the 5th dungon The Ice Palace is no different you will have a lot of puzzle solving & it can be frustrating but it never gets boring. When you do get to Turtle Rock this dungon will get on your nerves but if you keep on trying you will beat it. You better keep magic potions handy too. When you do get past Turtle Rock you save Zelda & she tells the task is at hand. She should've said beat the s hi  t out of him! Gannon's palace isn't as hard as Turtle Rock but it is still tricky. You fight all 3 bosses from The Light World again then Agahnim he has these 2 clones of him but it's easy to spot the real 1. After you defeat him you fight Gannon & of course what else he wants to take over the world. When Gannon does his little diappering act & when he knocks you over to the side oh that makes me mad. So be careful don't get knocked over the side. When you defeat him you get a big ending satisfying ending. If you don't have this in your SNES collection you should get it. If you have a Wii you can download it I think I don't know I don't own a Wii. There was a collection of The Zelda games on The Gamecube & if you have a SNES emulator get it. I doubt most of these kids could have the patience to playthrough Zelda on The NES or Zelda LTP.prediction:4
reviewText:Ok I am continuing my reviews for The Zelda games I own cause I don't own every Zelda game. This Zelda game is without a doubt favorite Legend Of Zelda A Link To The Past Which for any of those who don't know was suppose to be called Zelda III The Triforce Saga. But since The NES was near the end of it's life span Nintendo decided to go for The SNES. If any game deserves the title of Zelda III cause I think of the 1st 2 Zelda games on The NES & A Link To The Past as a Triforce Saga. Now after Zelda II wasn't what everybody wanted even though I didn't mind it they decided to go back to an overhead view & drop The RPG elements go back to using Rupee's & weapons instead of using all magic attacks. If I could give this game all the stars in the world I would if I am a fanboy for this game then color me a fanboy. I played this game a lot along with Mario All Stars & Street Fighter II Turbo back in the day. Even now hearing about all the glitches & preforming them this game is feels fresh & this game is 21 years old. This game brings a lot to the table like the tone which would be used in Ocarina Of Time & big time in Majora's Mask as well for Twilight Princess. This game started the dark tone in a Zelda games. You have this character Aghnim he not only collects the money from The King for helping him he then kills The King & takes these Maidens that are ancestors to The Wise Men he seals them into The Dark World. The Dark World is the land where The Triforce is at people who go to The Dark World don't come back & they change shape. It's a twisted version of Hyrule. Link is framed by Aghnim a kid gets sick from the evil air coming from Death Mountain. You have this kid who plays the flute who is dead. The next reviews I do for The Zelda games will go more in depth this game was released in Japan in 1991 & a few months later in The Spring of 92 The name of this game in Japan is The Legend Of Zelda The Triforce Of The Gods. The story is Ganon tries to get his hands on The Triforce he enters The Golden Land The King has 7 Wise Men put a seal on the enterance to The Golden Land which it seems that he's been sealed there forever. Hundreds of years later a drought a famine & illnesses have spread through Hyrule The King thought it had something to do with The Golden Land but the seal was intact a Wizard or a Satanic Priest however you want to look at I prefer what Aghnim was in The Japanese version. Aghnim shows up & ends the problems with Hyrule, The King was looking for decendents of The 7 Wise Men Aghnim helped him find them then he got a big role in The Kingdom Aghnim's intentions came clear he murdered The King Of Hyrule put a mind control spell on The Guards had The Maidens rounded up & sent them to The Dark World which this is all told in the opening & it really showed off the power of The SNES plus that music by Koji Kondo is great which ALTTP is my favorite Zelda score Ocarina Of Time is 2nd the opening music where it shows Aghnim sending The Madiens to The Dark World scared me as a kid.[...]Princess Zelda is locked up she sends out a telepathic message 1 of the people who get it is Link & this is not The same Link from the 1st 2 games & this is not the Zelda you save from the 1st game or the sleeping Zelda from part II. Link's Uncle decides he's going to see what that Aghnim guy is up to he tells Link not to leave the house. Well he does anyway you head for The Castle & find a secret passageway where you find your Uncle has been badly injured he gives you his sword & shield he never finish'e his sentence & there is a lot of debate about what he wants to say he says Princess Zelda is your a lot people say he is going to say your Sister. Link might have a connection to The Royal Family cause in the novel his father was a knight but Zelda being his sister I doubt it. So the 1st thing you have to do is save Zelda & get her to this Church so she can be hid. You have to find 3 Pendants that will allow you to get The Master Sword this game introduces The Master Sword. You'll have a few side quests to get items you need to get to each dungeon or will help you complete it The Light World Dungeon music is another track that scared me as a kid[...]Also Aghnim has framed you for kidnapping Princess Zelda when you get The Master Sword Guards have taken Zelda killed The Priest so you have to head into the area of the castle where you weren't allowed to enter before cause The Master Sword can break the seal. Aghnim makes you watch as he sends Zelda to The Dark World. When you face Aghnim you can't fight him head on you have to play Dead Man's Volley as it's called. When he's beat Aghnim draws you into The Dark World & if you have The Moon Peral from The Tower Of Hera then you won't change shape into a bunny. Going back can be a hassle. This man you meet before the 1st Light World Dungeon Sahasrahla contacts you telepathically & that you have to free all The Maidens & Zelda & that is the only way defeating Aghnim & Ganon. The Dark World has no human's everyone has been turned into a beast or some kind of animal that represents what's in their mind & heart. It might be best to try to upgrade your weapons whenever you can like you shield & you can upgrade The Master Sword when you save this Blacksmith who is trapped in The Dark World. You can get a powerful Golden Sword near the end. The Boomerange can be powered up to reach further when you keep throwing in rupee's to summon a Great Fairy. I like how you can increase the number of arrows & bombs you can carry. The Silver Arrow's return too mainly to defeat Ganon. Other items you need is like from The Desert Temple The Power Glove that allows you to pick up heavy rocks. In the 4th dark world dungeon you get The Titan's Mitt that let's you pick up even heavier rocks & stones. I mentioned you must get The Moon Peral from The Tower Of Hera cause it allows you to keep your human form in The Dark World. Another must have item to even get to the 2nd temple is The Pegasus Boots that Sahasrahla. that let's you move faster & you have to use them to knock The Book Of Madora off a book shelf in Kakariko Village which that book is the only way you can enter The Desert Temple. The 3 Medallions you get are very handy. The items you get in The Dark World such as the hammer in the 1st Dark World dungeon The Hookshot in the 2nd Dark World Dungeon. The Fire Rod in The Forest Temple in The Dark World. The Titan's Mitt mentioned about already in the 4th Dark World dungeon. Then in the 5th Dark World dungeon you get The Blue Mail that reduces the amount of damage you take. The 6th Dark World dungeon contains The Cane Of Somaria that create these blocks that can weigh switches down it can also get create a block that can get you to the other side of the room like in Turtle Rock. Also in Turtle Rock you get The Mirror Shield. In Ganon's Tower you obtain The Red Mail which reduces the amount of damage you take even more. Basically you need all the items to complete the game such as The Ice Rod, Zora Flippers, The Magic Cape, Cane Byrna. There are a couple of side quests that stand out in my mind like the 1 where you get the flute there is this old man & his grandson is missing there is this boy that looks similar to Link & anytime you approach him he disappears it's cause he's dead. In The Dark World you find this animal or whatever it is standing on a tree stump you find out that is Flute Boy cause he went to The Dark World & was killed. With this flute you now have access to a bird that will fly you place to place & this lost old man in the caves leading to Death Mountain & he gives you the mirror that can take you back to The Light World. This game is 1 of the 1st times I believe that Nintendo allowed death in their games. So the game started a dark tone in Zelda games. I mentioned the glitches & how they made this game feels fresh I tried them out there kind of funny like you can face Aghnim while you have Zelda with you & Aghnim is sending Zelda to The Dark World it's like you got Zelda out of her cell so who is Ganon sending to The Dark World. Plus you know it's night time when you start the game & it's raining well if you do the glitch where you beat the game in like 5 minutes then in the ending it's night time & it's still raining. My favorite glitch is where you have the mirror & The Moon Peral ok & you can keep going back & forth from The Light World to The Dark World near the broken bridge & you can explore The Dark World before you even face Aghnim the 1st time. Just make sure you have the mirror, The Moon Peral & The Master Sword. Stuff you have to figure out like how to get The Big Key or the item in each dungeon is great. The bosses were all good The Ball & Chain Trooper who is in the castle. To The Armos Knights which a lot of fun. The boss of The Desert Temple Twinmola it's a good pattern type boss. The Tower Of Hera Moldorm is annoying cause if it knocks you off the ledge then you got to fight the boss all over again. The 1st Aghnim fight is good cause you have to knock it's attacks back at him. The Dark World dungeon bosses are well done some are harder than others such as Arrghus, Mothela, The Blind Thief & Trinexx. The 1st Dark World dungeon boss isn't too hard Helmasaur King you just use your hammer bust away at the metal on his face & fire arrows at the middle of it's head. In The 2nd Dark World Dungeon you battle Arrghus who is a big eyeball surrounded by several small eyes which you have to use The Hookshot to pull the eyes away & slash away with The Master Sword until you have to fight the giant eye. Mothula in The 3rd Dark World Dungeon while difficult all you need is The Fire Rod to beat it. The Blind Thief is hard cause it has 2 or 3 heads attacking you. In The 5th Dark World dungeon you face Kholdstare which is kind of a pain. You also have to have the bird to get to The 6th Dark World dungeon & the boss is Vitreous who is sort of like Arrghus but not as hard. To get into Turtle Rock you have to have The Quake Medallion & to get through it you have to have The Cane Of Somaria. This dungeon is a big pain cause you have to light torches to open some doors & if 1 torch goes out then the door will close. The boss Trinexx in it's 1st phase where you use The Fire & Ice Rod's isn't hard when you fight in it's 2nd phase then it's more of a challenge & I recommend that you get plenty of red or blue potion or some fairies on hand for The Dark World dungeon bosses. When you beat The 7 Dark World dungeon youu free a Maiden & finally Princess Zelda. Which takes you to Ganon's Tower where you fight the 3 Light World dungeon bosses again & have the 2nd & final encounter with Aghnim. Which the 2nd battle with Agahnim is a little bit harder. The final boss is Ganon & Ganon is the hardest of any Zelda game cause it takes 4 Silver Arrow's this time instead of 1 & when stomps the floor the ends start to break off & if you're knocked off the ledge you have to start the battle all over again. I think A Link To The Past Ganon is harder than Ganon in The NES original or Ocarina Of Time. But when you beat Ganon you are treated to a great ending. I know this has been a long read & I said my next reviews for The Zelda games are going to be really long so just a warning. This game is amazing bottom line while love Ocarina Of Time & enjoyed Majora's Mask & Twilight Princess this still remains my favorite Zelda game. If you never played Legend Of Zelda A Ling To The Past you should & play it any way you can cause you will miss out on 1 of the best games of the 90'sprediction:4
reviewText:So...this is the tenth review of this game? Please read on. This was the third Zelda game. Originally released in 1992, I bought it in 1996. Since I had the first Zelda game and had beaten it over ten times, I was expecting very much from this! And it did not disappoint...well, almost.This game is more or less what I said above: a charm. It does not have that same adventurous feel of the first Zelda game, because it tends to focus on the progress of the quest, more. It does a great job of this and you'll find that the instruction booklet is not needed. Everything is explained clearly and concisely in the game. The game of course, is traditional Zelda fare. A three-quarter overhead perspective and a vast land to explore. Find new items to get into areas which are otherwise out of reach etc. You get a plethora of items including a bunch of new toys like the hookshot, the three medallions and the two canes.This is a first-generation SNES game, so you won't find any fancy 3-D graphics here. What you will find is &quot;good old&quot; 2-D visuals, which by 1992 standards were fairly good. The characters look straight out of a fairy-tale, even the main character Link. That's both good and bad, because while this helps create the unique, enchanting mood of the game, it does not posses that haunting, &quot;lonely&quot; feeling you get when you played Zelda 1. It's a more &quot;delightful&quot; game. Also, some areas in the &quot;Dark World&quot; tend to be dull. But the overall impression is definitely positive.Sounds and music-wise it's very good. It has the &quot;Zelda overworld theme&quot; super-charged! I also like the Dark World &quot;Death Mountain&quot; and &quot;Skull Woods&quot; theme. The sound effects are both impressive and amusing. The sword sounds different each time you improve its level! Everything is quite fitting. Controls are very fluid, too.There are a few mini-games and side-quests too. Trying to find all the heart containers is a challenging (and fun) task. There are a couple of weopons which are not essential to finish the quest, which is good. You can find them for the fun of it. Plus, you have two (almost identical) worlds to explore.So, the bottom line is, if you still have a SNES and don't have this game, WAKE UP and go and BUY IT! If you don't have a SNES, there would be little point in buying one, just because of this game. It's not that the game is anything less than great, it's because the SNES is &quot;dead&quot; now, and you've missed out all these years and you should learn to let go of a good thing!prediction:4
reviewText:This was the second SNES title I owned and it came just in time for my 9th birthday in 1992 (about a few months before the Xmas holidays).  This game was like The Legend Of Zelda on crack mainly due to the 16 bit graphics and added features and secrets. It was also known to be the first Zelda prequal in the Zelda series despite of the added features and variety of weapons and sword/shield upgrades compared to the NES series.  Who knew that a glove/mitt can make Link stronger, a pair of magic boots that can make Link run faster and break into doors and boulders, two different elemental wands that vary of weakness of the enemies, a hookshot to connect to out of reach areas/grab items/inflict more damage than a regular sword, three different elemental medallions that can damage enemies on the screens, and a magic sheild that can relect beams and block fireballs.  Returning weapons and power ups from the previous games are the boomerangs (retaining the upgrade choices), latern (formally candle), magic hammer, armor upgrades (formally rings), and a magic orcarina for express traveling (replacing the flute/recorder).  Adding on the the special features is a dark world/light world transition of which required you to obtain the magic mirror (to go back to the light world) and a magic pearl (to keep your identity and power ups in the dark world).  Now no other adventure game has ever done that.Despite of all the new features and complexed storyline, the game is fairly easier than the previous Zelda titles and alot more fun.  Your main goal (as Link) is to obtain the three triforces (this game combines the three triforces from the NES titles) which are the Triforces of Wisdom, Power, and Courage. Before you go anywhere near the triforces, you must obtain three different pendants (from three different dungeons guarded by the evil Gannon's guardians)to get the Master Sword.  You must use the Master Sword to get through the Hyrule Castle to find Princess Zelda and fight Agahnim (the evil Gannon's disguise). Then he transports you to the dark world (taking the Princess with him) as you rush through several altered creatures that would either help you or stand in your way, but you must make your choices wisely.  Then you find out that Agahnim has trapped Princess Zelda and six of the other King's madiens (daughters) in seven different dark world dugeons so its up to you to free the maidens from the dungeons by finding the seven different power crystals.  Freeing the madiens is far from your last stop because now you must use the power crystals and the power of the seven madiens to unlock Agahnim's dark world tower and fight him once again.  After defeating him, he turns into Gannon and now you must chase him into the pyramid for the final showdown (but not before you obtain the silver arrow, yes the silver arrow that will put him to rest for good).  Unlike the original Zelda game, fighting Gannon is far from a picnic so use better judgement with your strategies and make sure you have plenty of fairies bottled up in case you die in the "line of duty."  After his defeat, you are awarded with the three Triforces of which eliminates the dark world and restores order within Hyrule.  Not sure how this will lead into the original Zelda, but who cares cause this game rocks!  I still have the game working order, but I had to order another Super NES because my 20 year old system has recently crashed.  This game proves to be the best of all the Zelda titles I've played (and one of the best selections from the Super NES library) only because of the cool graphics, enhanced features and gameplay, and also due to the fact that I can finish it in one day, even if it takes hours.prediction:4
reviewText:My favorite thing about the Zelda games is they take so darn long to finish.  In this way, playing a good video game is like reading a good book.  It takes a long time, but it's worth it.  This game tells a great story, and it really immerses you into another universe.  You're placed in a different world with different limits, and it's like you live a whole other life in a few months (or days, if you're a hardcore gamer).  You follow Link through trials and tribulations on the quest of a lifetime, and fighting them ugly video game monsters is a nice way to have a bit of fun after a long day.prediction:4
reviewText:When I first asked for this game, I thought it was going to be another average Mario game. To my surprise, it was the best one I've played in a long time! This game has many levels with lots of secrets and stuff. The levels may be hard but once you get to Bowser, (in my oponion) he is easier than the levels! Anyway, it's a good game and it is worth your money. Buy it. I have been playing this game ever since I got it and I beat Bowser with the help of my friend, Mike Brennan. Very addicting and worth your time!prediction:4
reviewText:I'm jumping into the way-back machine and setting the time for Fall 1991. Hold on tight because it's going to be bumpy..........Fall 1991. It was a great time to be a video gamer. For the past 5 years, the NES was on top of the world and home to so many memorable games. While the Sega Master System was its rival, it enjoyed more of a cult following as the majority of video games were released for the NES. But like all good things, they come to an end as Sega ushered in a brand new console. The Sega Genesis, released in 1989, featured new technology and more horsepower to display flashier games and brought a new video games icon to rival Mario and Nintendo. Nintendo responded by releasing the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and a brand new Mario game (Super Mario World.) This was the game packed in with the console and was responsible for maintaining the large fan base the original NES had built up for years.To say this made an impact to gamers would be an understatement.Hot off the heels of the excellent Super Mario Bros. 3, Super Mario World was the sequel that showcased the SNES's graphical prowess and ability to display new effects. 8 new worlds to explore (plus the hidden star portals) and 99 levels lie in wait for gamers to explore. It introduced new enemy characters as well as the lovable dinosaur Yoshi. And above all, it was extremely fun to play. From the graphics to the music and the easy to get into controls, this game continued the proud tradition of the revered Mario games and set standards for all future platform games to come.While there are many ways to track down this title (the original SNES cartridge, the Game Boy Advance title and through Nintendo's Virtual Console service for those who have a Wii that is online), any true gamer has played this many, many times and can tell you that it was one of the finest games to ever come out from Nintendo.****HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***prediction:4
reviewText:Super Mario World is a game that runs synonymous with any discussion about the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. Being the initial release title, usually bundled with the SNES until the release of the second model, there's virtually no one who owns a SNES who doesn't have a copy of this game. Even still, there are those out there who have never played this game and the only thing I have to ask in response to that is just "Why?"Super Mario World encompasses all that is great about not only the Mario franchise, displaying the rightful place for Mario in games, but shows us what is right about video games and the SNES in general.When you talk about Mario, the first things that come to mind are go-karts and side-scrolling platform action. Super Mario World grabs the platform genre, puts it on growth enhancer, and takes it to whole new levels of fun while building on the legend that was created after Super Mario Bros. and Super Mario Bros. 3 on the NES.The plot of the game is essentially no different from that of the other Mario games prior to this with the exception of Super Mario Bros. 2; Bowser has kidnapped Princess Toadstool (yes that was her name before she had a name change to Princess Peach) and it's up to Mario and Luigi to rescue her. Bowser has a lot of help this time from his Koopa family much like he did in Super Mario Bros. 3 and they're not going to give her up too easily this time around. Being Mario, he'll just hop his way around town to find her and that'll be the end of it right there.You really have to say something about the graphics for this game. Even to this day, it's still probably one of the best looking SNES games in the library. The colors in the sprites and background graphics are very vibrant and really stick out at you. Everything is detailed as much as possible for a 16-bit game and there are virtually no graphical flaws anywhere. What's more is that you hardly come across any situations in the game where there are too many sprites on the screen at a time and the game starts to lag and sprites start to "shiver" as I call it (where half of Mario's head would be somewhat transparent and try to come out fully drawn).The controls in this game are very responsive and feel as natural as can be for a SNES game. You never really feel like you have to force or struggle to perform any available action. Mario never stops dead in his tracks and doesn't just start moving at a constant speed. He builds up to a walking speed and comes slowly to a stop. As was introduced in Super Mario Bros. 3, Mario can run and if he has a cape equipped he can fly in the air after reaching a maximum running speed. A totally new addition to the series for Mario was the spin jump. By pressing the "A" button, Mario was able to jump into the air while spinning around like a tornado. Doing this allowed the player to usually defeat enemies requiring multiple hits in one shot and you could also break certain yellow blocks by performing this jump onto them.Another new addition to the Mario series was the lovable green dinosaur named Yoshi. This faithful lizard would put his unusually long tongue to work for you which allowed you to swallow certain fruits on trees (I've always thought they looked like some really odd strain of tomato), certain enemies, and what's more, swallowing certain turtle shells endowed Yoshi with some additional abilities. For instance, red turtle shells, when spit back out, produced three fireballs that ripped through pretty much any enemy. My personal favorite, the blue turtle shells, would allow Yoshi to fly simply by holding the jump button. Some levels can't be fully completed without Yoshi as well. Additionally, Yoshi doesn't just come in the green variety either. Finding hidden places in the normal levels, or gaining access to the hidden levels like Star Road and the hidden levels after that, allowed you to find the different colored Yoshis who, when swallowed any shell, would have the power of the turtle shell that matched their color. For instance, if you found a red Yoshi, any shell would make him spit fireballs back out.The world map for the game is huge for its time. Starting off on Yoshi's Island, working your way to the Donut Plains, then to the Vanilla Dome, next into the Forest of Illusion, then the dangerous (but tasty) (direct quote =) ) Chocolate Island, and finally right into the domain of Bowser himself, you're guaranteed hours of playtime. But that's not all. Aside from the levels required to progress through the game, you're able to travel to the Star Road for an additional challenge. Again, that's not the end of it. After finding a hidden passage in the Star Road, you can travel to an even more hidden area hosting some of the most challenging levels in the game.I strongly recommend this game to anyone who plays video games. It's the perfect game for casual gamers, enthusiasts, or children (hopefully their parents are kind enough to introduce this gem to them before a Xbox 360). It'll provide you with hours of fun and is still one of the absolute best games for the SNES.prediction:4
reviewText:When it comes to 2D video games, few games come close to the greatness of Super Mario World. The only 3 games that come close are Kirby & the Amazing Mirror, Kirby Super Star Ultra, and New Super Mario Bros.. The graphics and sound are great for this game's time. There are plenty of Power-ups, Yoshi makes his debut, Gameplay is unbelievably fun, but the best part is the level design. A set of diverse levels, some of which actually make one power-up seem more useful than another. This game's level design is unsurpassed. The first 3 Super Mario Bros. games combined couldn't come close to matching this game's quality. Many think that Super Mario Bros. 3 is the best, but I think it is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING compared to Mario World, the near-perfect game. This is the one and only, undisputed #1 2D game of all time in my eyes. I rate this game 99.5/100.prediction:4
reviewText:With a save feature, this game is just awesome. Since there's a hundred ways to 'exit', with some levels having two exits, interesting powers, new abilities, and great graphics, this is a game that just can't be beat. With the save, you can play for as long as you like. Riding Yoshi really is a lot of fun at times, though it's disconcerting and frustrating if you're riding along smoothly and an enemy strikes you, causing Yoshi to run off. The levels are rich and complex, and there's some cool shortcuts and features you can activate. I found the shortcuts, but still went through each level to get 100 percent, because if you do, you get to play in an all-new secret bonus world. How nice is that? If you're ever going to play a Mario game, try this. Heck, I like this better than Mario 64!prediction:4
reviewText:It's super Mario world!  Brings back memories, but I don't remember it being so easy.  Man how you remember things from your childhood so different.prediction:4
reviewText:This game was the perfect introduction to the Super Nintendo system.  Very colorful, full of excitement, and easy to play (but hard to figure out sometimes).  Sounds simple but most games don't have it.  I would say this is the second best SNES game ever, right behind Legend of Zelda:Link to the Past.  Thanks for reading.prediction:4
reviewText:i thank you god for most this amazing gameI'm trying to remember the almost mystical sensation I got as a child first playing this, a light-year-leaping paradigm-shifting moment of complete perfection, the first of the SNES batch.  I can almost remember the contours of the feeling, but I can't live it again: it's hallowed.  That's fine--the child knew it at least.My brothers and I still find ourselves playing this game through start to finish.  It loses nothing, remains that perfect tradeoff between challenge and ease that we have dubbed "fun."  We know the music by heart, the levels by intuition, which buttons deploy a cape or snake out Yoshi's tongue.The archetypal side-scrolling Mario adventure.  Wonderful, and let's leave it at that.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best Mario game in the world! I love it so much. We got it back when it first came out back in the 90's. But I was only like 3 or 4 years old. So buy it!!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Super Mario World took what made Mario 3 so fun and packed it with epic 16-bit action. While I thought it was rather simple, I soon corrected myself once I took a closer at the internal workings. First of all, the graphics are quite nice for the Super NES. Yeah, it is rather pixelated, but the cartoon style and wonderful effects make up for it. The also game is quite complicated for it's time. The 3-layer engine runs around 7 different tilesets each with diffrent scenery and enemies, and the complicated isometric map screen runs even more. To top that off, enemy generators and scrolling varations are almost always used. The heavy use of flags and scripts on the map screen make the game even more amazingly complex. However, even to people who aren't interested in Mario's internal engine design, Mario World is still every bit enjoyable. The levels come in all shapes and styles with creative enemies to match. Mario World introduced Yoshi, the dinosaur pal Mario can ride on and make eat enemies. Yoshi is vital to the game if you want to win it. Mario World also introduced many other memorable elements that make Mario the most awesome platformer around: Ghost Houses, Switch Palaces, Secret Exits, Star World, Bowser's Koopa Clown Car, Renzor, etc. Your not a real gamer until you've felt the magic of the world and suffered the burn of the challenges. If you think Nintendo is going to be soft and hold your hand like in New Super Mario Bros 2, your in for a big surprise. Nintendo was a completely different company back when the Super NES was launched, and Mario World is proof of that.prediction:4
reviewText:What a debut for the Super Nintendo.  This is one of the best games ever.  TONS of levels, TONS of secrets, TONS of everything.  It's no cakewalk, but it's incredibly fun to play.  You can play this game for years and years.  It's simply spectacular.prediction:4
reviewText:Super Mario World another side-scrolling game straight from Nintendo. Back then, this game was a real big hit, and so was its remake. Back in the 1980s, Nintendo starting making some arcade games, namely Donkey Kong and Jumpman. Later, they moved Jumpman, or Mario, as you know him today, to their new system, the NES. They made several games for it, such as Super Mario Bros. They kept going until the NES was becoming old. The SNES was then released. Games such as Super Mario All-Stars and Super Mario RPG were released. Also released was the Super Mario World series: Super Mario World (this review's subject) and then Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island. Later, though, even the SNES became obsolete, as all consoles eventually do. Nintendo therefore released the Nintendo 64. Super Mario 64, Super Smash Bros., and Mario Party are some of the games released for this console. Later, the GameCube was released. Super Smash Bros. Melee and Super Mario Sunshine, among others, were released for this console. The Nintendo Wii was the next home console to be released. Super Paper Mario, Mario Party 8, Super Smash Bros. Brawl, and Super Mario Galaxy are some of the more well-known games for this. However, as you know, Nintendo worked on handhelds, too.Their first handhelds were the Game Boy and Game Boy Color. I don't remember if any Mario games were released for these. However, there are some Mario games for the next consoles, the Game Boy Advance, the Game Boy Advance SP, and Game Boy Micro, all of which play Game Boy Advance games. Some NES and SNES games were remade and put onto these more accessible systems. Super Mario World got its remake as Super Mario World: Super Mario Advance 2. Yoshi's Island got its remake as Super Mario Advance 3: Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island. Super Mario Bros. 2 and Super Mario Bros. 3 also were remade. Other originals include Super Mario RPG's sequel, Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga, and Mario Kart. Nintendo also released the Nintendo DS. The original was released in 2004; the Nintendo DS Lite in 2006; the Nintendo DSi in 2009; the DSi XL in a point in 2010. New Super Mario Bros. (the original Super Mario Bros.'s remake) was released in 2006. Super Mario 64 DS was released in 2004. Mario Party DS was also released. Others include Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time, Yoshi's Island DS, and Mario & Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story. Anyways, yeah, a lot of handheld Mario have been released, especially recently.Anyways, let's get this over with, shall we?The gameplay is pretty simple. This game, like most early Mario games, is a simple side-scroller. What that means is that the screen shows a 2-D area and you moves left to right, right to left, bottom to top, or top to bottom, all while the screen moves around to keep you in the center. Games like this have a goal at the end, in most early Mario's: a flagpole. In this game, you get two goalposts with a tape moving up and down, allowing you to obtain bonus stars, which can lead to a bonus minigame in which you may gain up to eight lives. The scoring system allows you to go up to almost ten million points (9,999,990 to be exact). You go through eight worlds, fighting a boss at each one's end. Seemingly, all the world's are equal, but not so. Some have four levels, other have almost a dozen. There are also secret exits, which give you another level to play which you normally cannot play. For full completion, you must play all of the levels. The Dragon Coin sidequest also makes you unlock stuff.The story is simple enough. Mario, Luigi, and Peach have apparently gone on vacation. Mario and Luigi unpack some stuff, then just fly off. They return, and Peach is gone. Yep, it is Bowser again. They have no clue where he is, so they search the island, level by level, until they find her. Along the way, you will meet Yoshi, a dinosaur that is tied much more closely to Mario and Luigi's lives than you would think. (Play Yoshi's Island to find out). They meet Bowser eventually, and another clash begins. Wait! That is just his kid, one of seven. Now even Bowser's kids are helping. They extend their search beyond the small Yoshi's Island to the Donut Plains, then the Vanilla Mountain, and so on and so forth, until they finally reach Bowser's Castle after beating all of his kids. Mario and Luigi go in, but will they come out? Will Peach still be alive? Your choice, as you ARE Mario or Luigi.The graphics are decent. Unlike the other NES or SNES Mario games, these graphics aren't blocky in the slightest. There is virtually no lag at all. The colors are vibrant and colorful, they blend together beautifully. There are also many new enemies to encounter. As you may know, the usual enemies are Goombas, red/green Koopas, and Hammer Bros., correct? Well, there are some new ones here. There are yellow and blue Koopas and football players, among others. There are new items, the feather and P Balloon. There are many different environments. One level may be aquatic, the next may be in a cavern, the next on a bridge. You also have new actions to see, such as Yoshi eating Koopas and breathing fire or laying an egg that may hatch into a 1-UP. So great.The sound is so-so. Yes, the music is new. However, it can get rather repetitive. Annoying repetitive, in fact. Nevertheless, each environment has its own music, and that music MAY change upon entering a different situation. It might take something like a boss or an item to do that, though. The sound comes through pretty clearly, though. There are also some new ones, such as the flying sound, the Yoshi squeal, or the sound of one of those football players running. Eventually, you'll find yourself trying to get that radio nearby, though. Anywho, that may take some time to actually happen; you're fine once you win.It can take a while to win. However, there are shortcuts. Using said shortcuts, I can win in mere hours. Playing regularly may take you several days to a week. To finish all levels, it may take the rest of the month. To entirely finish, Dragon Coins and all, it can take several months to half a year, at most. It can take a while. After completing it, it is okay to replay it over, to give yourself some more challenges. On the other hand, you can try to get 9,999,990 points. Your choice.Yep, Super Mario World is great on either the NES or Game Boy Advance. With decent graphics and some side quests, why not? Sure, it may not be TOO good for those more accustomed to 3-D gaming, but even they can get the hang of this and enjoy it easily. You may as well buy it, Mario fans. Trust me, you will like it over and over again, just as much as the first time you played it.prediction:4
reviewText:What a powerful game to introduce the world to the Super Nintendo! Super Mario World features a world map that is an upgraded version of the one introduced in Super Mario Bros. 3. There are a ton of hidden levels and short cuts hidden around the world, and multiple ways to beat many of the stages. A completion percentage tells you how much of the game you have cleared for each save file. Mario can still fly and shoot fireballs, but now he also gets an assortment of colored dinosaurs called Yoshis to ride around on.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a good clasic game for snes. its pretty hard actually infact I think that X5 may be easyer then X1. but downsides are u cant duck or dash in the air witch makes some parts hard. so if your looking for a challeng get this game its fun and its a good collectible. the final boss isn't that hard but takes a few tryes. now you can only be X theres no Zero and no saber. so if you like Zero so much dont get this game get X5 instead. this is the 1st megaman game i've ever played so it was realy hard. but to a guy thats bin playing megaman games for a long time its not so hard. so wat more can I say besides JUST GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:i didn't buy this online, i bought Mega Man X at a local store, but at any rate, what is there to say that has not been said about Mega Man X?this game what got me into Mega Man in the first place. if you asked me if i heard or played a mega man game i would simply say "no". blasphemy right? well, i bought a Retron 3 (which i wrote a review on which you can find later, i reviewed the red console). with the retron 3 i bought Mega Man X because i thought it would be a good game to get plus it was 25 right there. i slapped this game in, and i never wanted to get away from the system. it has a simple learning curve, and everything about X is awesome, the pacing, the music, even the graphics.i love how i got my brother (who's 17 so he never play any NES or SNES games only N64 and beyond) got into the game as well. although its super funny to see him get frustrated playing these games, it brings fond memories of me playing super nintendo.this game is worth having in your collection. you will do yourself the disfavor by not buying this, because you're missing out one arguably the best mega man game ever. BUY IT!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Mortal Kombat was really weak on the SNES because it was so censored. No blood, some people had different fatalities (ex: Johnny Cage's foot in your stomach). Blood was traded for sweat (?!?!) and because of those 2 reasons, the game was truly brought down a notch.Yes it's still a classic but it's not worth it on SNES. You're better off getting it on the SEGA system because that way you could overcome the censorship and at least put in a &quot;blood code&quot;.Personally, I'd skip this one anyday and go straight to MK II because that was just all out better than MK and it was a lot more enjoyable, had better replay and a lot more characters. Trust me, skip MK on SNES and go straight for MK II on SNES.prediction:4
reviewText:Doom---just the name alone makes you drool over your BFG 9000 and Shotgun. Direct from the PC to your SNES system Doom is a fun FPS on the SNES. With the used of the FX2 chip the graphics are not bad for it's time and the music is quite good. However there are some cons to the game...1: You can't save your game, once you start you have to play all the way through but you can gain access to the other chapters but selecting harder difficulty setting.2: Controls are VERY rough on your D-pad hand. You move a bit sluggish and the controls fell a bit heavy.3: Graphics are good for a SNES system but long play and your eyes are going to fell like you've been staring at the sun all day.Although it has it's short comings it's still the Doom we all know and love.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is *very* old school and is much like the original Sim City that came out on the PC. Compared to Sim City 2000 and upwards, this game is very simplistic, its graphics so and so. There's only a few things you can build besides the standard Resident, Commercial, and Industrial Zones, such as sports stadiums, police/fire stations, and seaports. Even at the fastest speed in the game, the process is actually fairly slow compared to the fast option in future SimCity games. If you're a fan of the newer SimCity games and want to go old school, you might enjoy this, but I definitely enjoyed SimCity 2000 better.prediction:4
reviewText:I LOVE this game!  It was my favorite 20 years ago and when I purchased this again I found it just as absorbing as when I was a kid.  It was so worth getting.  It's much simpler than the modern day sim city games but I find that the simple stuff is sometimes the best stuff.  They don't mention the KISS method for nothing.  When I compare the old pc version of simcity to the SNES version, there is no comparison.  The SNES version ROCKS the house on this one.  Even the manual is fun to read and has little story-like lines to it with Dr. Wright leading the way (with his IQ of 1,000 apparently).  The all-time best simcity, HANDS DOWN!!!Don't have a super nintendo to play this on?  GET ONEprediction:4
reviewText:Super Punch Out is the sequel/follow-up to Mike Tyson's Punch Out or Punch Out (depending on which version you have) and like the original Punch Out, it's a beat em up and knock em down type of boxing game that makes fun of itself.Now Super Punch Out isn't as comedic as "Ready 2 Rumble" but it does have some funny moments in it like when you slug your opponent so hard that they look like their going bean up their lunch and whenever you knock down the Narcist Prince, that's just funny.Only 3 characters from the original have returned, Bald Bull, Mr. Sandman and Super Macho Man. With a cast of all new boxers, with all new styles and definitely new challenges, Super Punch Out will keep you entertained.I will admit that this might not be for all gamers. There is no mobility like Punch Out. Basically you dodge, duck and throw punches. And eventually, you do get a little tired of this one. I'd either look to buy this one cheap or rent it first (if you can). It's still a good game but it is really to each their own.prediction:4
reviewText:Super Punch Out comes from a long line of Nintendo games that's easy to learn how to play, but challenging enough to keep you entertained for hours.  The first fight teaches you the basics:  punching, blocking, dodging, and the variations on the Super Punch. Soon, you'll get so good, you almost feel sorry for Gabby Jay.Then the challenge kicks in with the next person. As with the original Punch Out, this game requires the gamer to learn the patterns of their opponent. But unlike the original Punch Out, you can be aggressive and beat the holy heck out of them without needing to only counter-punch after dodging. This makes Super Punch Out a step above the original by far.The graphics were good for its time. Don't expect realistic graphics when playing this game. Just as the cover, it resembles some sort of cartoon with every character existing larger than life. But this is normal for Nintendo at that time. The game's just goofy fun, so the graphics reflect that.My only minor complaint on the game is the lack of Rounds. The gamer only has one round to destroy his/her oppponent. Fortunately, this is more than enough time. But still, I enjoyed the three rounds from the original Punch Out.The game will not take very long to beat and it has some good replay value. If you have the chance, purchase it.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is quite a bit easier to complete than the NES version.  It's not quite as classic or memorable as the original, but it's still a great game.  It's really fun to figure out how to beat each of the characters.  After some practice, you can get good enough to score some very quick knock-outs.  It's darn fun trying to get a new fastest knock-out time for each character.The rapid-punching option is certainly a marked improvement over the NES version, and I rarely shy away from using it.  I love using the rapid-punches, I love beating the goofy characters, and therefore, I love this game.prediction:4
reviewText:Isn't it just like Acclaim to incorporate real life humans to portray characters in their games? This trend started in Mortal Kombat and they've outdone themselves with this game by using the actual wrestlers themselves. Mind the term &quot;wrestlers&quot; though, because this game is almost fifty-fifty in wrestling and street brawling! You get to choose from six WWF wrestlers: Bret &quot;The Hitman&quot; Hart, Shawn Michaels, The Undertaker, Doink &quot;The Clown,&quot; Lex Luger, and Razor Ramon (aka Scott Hall). This is a bit unfortunate because the Genesis version had them plus Yokozuna and Bam Bam Bigelow. This may cause the game to be a tad repetitive. But once the match starts it's an all-out brawl and the victor will most often be the fastest-thinking, shrewd and button-mashing wrestler rather than people taking a strategic approach. They may find themselves knocked out and pinned in ten seconds!The graphics and animation are realistic. The music is fair. (I can't say &quot;good&quot; because it doesn't have the wrestlers' theme songs, can I?) The sound effects are nice and the commentators (Vince McMahon and &quot;The King&quot; Jerry Lawler) are great! Memorable comments include McMahon shouting &quot;Boomshakalaka!&quot;, &quot;Shocking!&quot;  and occasionally, &quot;Somebody call security!&quot;. The game also has &quot;special moves&quot; like Doink's &quot;electric hand&quot; and Bret Hart's rolling uppercut. The gameplay is fast and furious. Controls are dead-on. And get this: it has Mortal Kombat-style blocking too!So, this game might not be the best wrestling game out there. It could use more wrestlers and a few more options. But compared to its predecessors Royal Rumble and WWF Raw, it is quite a bit more addictive. Besides it's good to have some spontaneous wrestling for a change, without memorising the moves. Most any wrestling (especially WWF) fan will derive some serious amusement out of this one.prediction:4
reviewText:If this were a review purely about content, then Redemption would get a well deserved 5 stars.  Unfortunately, the technical problems drag the entire game down.The bad:Horrible pathing!  Your party members block you all t he time and walls trap you sometimes.  In Neverwinter Nights, party members would just scoot out of the way when you needed to get by them.  In Redemption, you need to move around your party.  I can deal with that, except you're constantly put in scenarios where your 4 party group is traveling through a tight corridor, and needing to go backwards is a nightmare.  I finally gave up and switched control to the lagging member and used that character to move back.In most other games I've played, you could just 'shove' characters other characters out of your way.  That's the best way about it, because when you're mid-fight, the last thing you want to do is reposition a stubborn party member who just won't get out of your way.  Absolutely abismal pathing in this game.There's not much pizazz to the weapons and armor available, either.  Guns and ranged weapons are pretty useless in the game, and I've found sticking with the good old shield and sword works better.  Again, I blame the developers.There is little to none available as far as support, and I've only found one patch so far.The Good:This game contains THE MOST engaging, engrossing and interesting plotlines I've seen in a game.  The story content is unparalleled.  You follow Cristof Romuald, a crusader knight of the dark ages who fights in the crusades.  He is wounded and nursed back to health in medeival Prague by the beautiful nun, Anezka.  You begin the game playing Cristof as a human, and you follow the character through his Embrace and change into vampiric state.The game is based on White Wolf's 'Vampire: the Masquerade' and 'Vampire: the Dark Ages' tabletop RPG books.  The designers of Redemption did a good job of bringing WW's material into the game, and do so in a way that is pleasing to a V:tM fan yet still easy for a beginner to digest.  As the plot continues in the game, Christof's sire and friends explain to him about the vampire clans, vampire origins, etc. etc.  I had my doubts about getting this game because I doubted a game could do justice to WW's publications, but after playing it, you really can't help but enjoy the story.Basically, you play Christof through the ages and travel through Prague, Vienna, London, and modern day New York.  He's basically on a path to redemption (thus the name of the game is Redemption), and depending on how humanely you act throughout the game, you may or may not receive redemption.  (A humanity score is kept.)With the gaining of experience points, you can buy skill points, and with enough skill points (strength, dexterity, intelligence, charisma, etc.), you can buy discipline points.  That's where the real fun is at- the disciplines (vampire powers).Multiplayer is ok.  I heard Redemption's multiplayer capabilities referred to as "Neverwinter Nights Lite."  There's not much by way of video-gaming you can do on multiplayer, but you can hold campaigns and assign a storyteller.  The storyteller holds GM powers and can access each player's advancement menu to grant exp, control players, speak through players, spawn items, and kill or revive players.  So if you'd like an alternative to tabletop and currently play V:tM, you can definitely check this out.This game is definitely roleplay heavy, and they speak in Ye Olde English (at least Christof and Anezka do).  It's not to say it's corny, though.  They may say "thee," "thou," "thy," and "hath," but the dialogue and voice acting is *fantastic*.Despite the (inexcusable) technical problems, Redemption offers the richest content and voice acting I've seen in a game.I truly hope that game developers will pick up V:tM to base another game on, and hopefully, they'll do justice to all the fabulous content they put in it by making it sufficiently playable.It's really worth picking up if you're like me and are more an RPG fan than a hack and slash powergamer.  If you want a game with a rich story, this one won't disappoint in that aspect.  But be warned of the pathing, lack of support, and other gameplay issues.prediction:4
reviewText:That's what I said as I was playing this game - WOW!  Everything about this game screams quality.  Here's the story: You are a crusader of light that falls in love with a nun, and then, the next night, you are  &quot;embraced,&quot; and are thrusted into the world of Vampire: The  Masquerade.The graphics are the best I've seen in a long time,  especially on the characters...their features and faces are so smooth that  you could hardly tell they were made of polygons!The sound, with the  proper EAX or A3D supported card, match the environments.And the plot?  It plays like a drama that Shakespeare himself would've wrote!  The love  scenes between the main character and the nun are especially moving,  because they are both bound by their religious beliefs and cannot be  lovers.  As you can imagine, after the character is turned into a vampire,  then it REALLY gets tragic.  Your character's life spans from 1100 A.D. to  the present.  Now I'm not going to give any more plots away. :)I've read  the RPG books that this game is based on, and I've always wanted to try out  Vampire: The Masquerade, but I could never get into it because of the steep  learning curve and &quot;politics&quot; of the game.  Well, V:tMR does a  great job of introducing this world to beginners like me, and with a  &quot;Storyteller&quot; mode, even I can make my own stories and  campaigns.Overall, this game is a MUST BUY, for veterans of the pencil  &amp; paper Vampire, and for PC gamers looking for a solid RPG.  Here's  hoping that the upcoming Werewolf: The Apocolypse Heart of Gaia is as good  as this!prediction:4
reviewText:I'm not terribly sure what drives people ga-ga over the gameplay in Vampire: The Maquerade Redemption. I assume the game's popularity has more to do with atmosphere and subject matter than anything. I didn't enjoy the actual play very much.The box art and cutscenes might mislead unsuspecting players into thinking Vampire is an epic RPG or even a first-person adventure. It's neither. While the story, conversations, and character development are engaging, the game itself is an old-style isometric hack and slash. Which is fine, when that particular system is implemented competently. Here it only occasionally works. Too much of Vampire's environments consist of narrow hallways and blind corridors where enemies and allies alike jam themselves into environmental wedges, run headlong into adversaries, and generally act in manners directly against common sense. Level design is pretty, well detailed, and enhances the mood of the game, but it is amateurish in terms of interactivity. This would be a minor flaw if, again, the meat of the game weren't the combat itself. Yes, there are many RPG elements like character leveling and the often fun experiments with trinkets and baubles picked up at the local shops, but the fun bits devolve into frustration whenever a member of your crew runs headfirst into a gaggle of bloodsuckers, despite your commands.The story nearly makes the gameplay endurable. I didn't know much about Vampire's universe, and was intrigued by the "vampire mafioso" storyline. Rather than preying on innocent damsels in distress, Vampire's protagonists are a human-sympathetic clan at war with other more sinister vampire families. The story unfolds through fairly taut and convincing (for a video game) dialogue, and the occasional cutscene. I was never bored with the story progression, and my curiosity about the next winding turn kept me playing for a good while. Eventually the infuriatingly clumsy and often poorly balanced gameplay soured the experience for me though.If you're a huge fan of this game's particular universe, and simply MUST know how the story goes, then Vampire: The Masquerade Redemption may be worth the effort. Just be prepared for the headaches.prediction:4
reviewText:The graphics are immence, the best I've ever seen, the levels look amazingly real and the explosions and weapons fire is first rate. The ambiant sound is very realistic to and the voice acting is great (Sevens voice is'nt Jeri Ryans but you can get A patch). The game is as close as you will ever come to being on  Voyager, its not like most games where the missions come one after the other you actualy get to walk around Voyager and talk to people. The guns are great each one hase two firing modes so attacks are never boring and some of them are actualy on star trek. The gameplay is great to, very high quality the controls are very easy to use you can even use the mouse for exact targeting. You can't order around your teamates but they take queues from your actions. The multiplayer part of the game is very good to, tons of maps to play in and three game modes (free-for-all, team play, and capture the flag). This is one of the best games I have ever played and for sure the best first-person-shooter, I highly recomend it.prediction:4
reviewText:I can't take Star Trek.  I used to love it, but I try to watch it now, and...no.  Can't do it.  I liked the original series, and Next Generation was pretty good for a while, but after Roddenberry died, everything fell apart.  Deep Space Nine is just a badly disguised clone of Babylon 5.  Voyager was boring, uninspired, repetitive, and flatter than a piece of paper.  It should've been cancelled years ago.  Enterprise?  Please.  Even the UPN executives couldn't keep that thing going.So, why am I here, giving a Star Trek game a good review?  Simple; because it's everything the shows and movies stopped being a long time ago:It's exciting.  It's thrilling.  It's challenging.  It makes you think.  The people in it are actual PEOPLE, not a bunch of cardboard cutouts in black pajamas and weird makeup trying to advance the useless plot.  And above all, you never ONCE hear anyone say anything remotely like "Modify the subspace harmonic phase variance yada yada yada..."  If I never hear that weak plot device crap again, it'll be too soon.  Not only that, it has things and concepts in it that not only make you think, "Yeah, they SHOULD have something like that," it'll also make you say, "Why didn't they EVER have that?"The idea behind the game is this.  Since Voyager (grr...)is on the far side of the galaxy, far away from any backup, Janeway and Tuvok develop a new kind of away team.  This new unit, called the Hazard Team, is made up of special forces crewmen assembled to take on challenging missions that regulars can't handle, like a SWAT team compared to regular police.  The team's just been created when Voyager (rr...) gets sucked into a mysterious region of space and immobilized.  You play as Ensign Alex (or Alexandria...how PC) Munro, the Hazard Team's second-in-command.  And during the game, you'll have run-ins with mysterious aliens, hostile scavengers, the Borg, and a new race created only for this game.Raven Software did a great job on this game.  The environments are bigger than what you'd expect from the TV shows, the aliens are more imaginative, the weapons are much more impressive and realistic, and the combat is gripping in some parts, especially when you're facing a stampede of Borg.  Your teammates all have their own personalities and functions, and the patter between them is actually worth listening to.  They're even FUNNY when they tell JOKES.  Who knew?Unfortunately, the game does fizzle in a few places.  It uses the same "sound as wallpaper" approach to background music, so there isn't a single nanosecond that isn't drenched in bland New Age elevator muzak.  Some of the weapons don't have convincing sounds, like the Tetryon Gatling Gun; you'd think it was shooting soap bubbles.  Not only that, but you're limited to only two types of ammunition for eight different weapons, so if you run out of one of those two, half your arsenal's kaput.  And worst of all, at some points, you have to LISTEN to the boring regular VOYAGER cast members while they spout off about unimportant crap.  That one's easy enough to fix, though, if you do what I do; turn the sound off and wait it out.I know I should end this review with something inspiring, like how in the right hands, even a lump of coal can shine like a diamond, but I've got nothing.But it IS a lot more fun and entertaining than Star Trek's been for at least fifteen years, and that ain't bad, either.prediction:4
reviewText:In the past year, Star Trek games have gone from worst to almost first. Armada is a Warcraft type game, in which you have to build up your resorces to mount an attack on the enemy.  While games like Age of Empire do this better, Armada isn't bad. It has good graphics and the game play is easy to understand. It seems a little buggy, but it hasn't crashed on me once. Activision has good support, so a new patch is never hard to get.  Again, this is one of the better Trek efforts and it should please all Trek fans and non fans alike!prediction:4
reviewText:If you can find a copy of this game going cheap, by all means get it, as it's a great little shocker - but be prepared for some seriously lame graphics. And I do mean primitive. This was one of the earliest PS1 games, and it shows, which is a shame because the actual idea and concept are great. A crazed killer is on the loose with giant scissors and it's up to you to unravel the mystery and find out who he is and what he's up to.There are plenty of good points to this game. One of them being that is really does present you with a mystery, and if you don't follow the clues provided, your investigation goes straight to a dead end and all your hard work ends up in a Game Over scene complete with credits that tells you that you have failed to solve the case. Quite brutal in a way, and daring, even, to treat the player so harshly. It happened to me, and I had no choice but to begin again and this time try and make some more well informed choices when given the chance. Once you get it right, the game takes you on the full journey to the climax of the story, which is well worth the effort.So how is this story brought to life?...well, with the dreaded words "point and click". Yes, it's sad but true, the action in "Clock Tower" is completely mouse click operated, which means that you will be moving a cursor arrow around on screen with your D pad and clicking the X button when it's on hotspots to start action and make choices. For the WHOLE game. Be warned that if this sounds like something you have moved on from, you might want to think twice. However, then think a third time, because...hey, whaddya know, it works! The exploration, the combat, in fact all character movements and interactions are  done by clicking somewhere on the screen, and once you get the hang of it, you're away.So let's get onto the gameplay. This is a game of fear and surprises. The villain of the piece, "Scissorman" can leap out at you at random points in the game and pursue you relentlessly until you either hide, run far enough away, or find something to stop him with. (Or get killed). Combat such as you may be used to does not exist in "Clock Tower", but it really doesn't matter. If you make it through to the last level, set in a sprawling castle, you'll have the gameplay mechanics well and truly in hand. It's by no means easy, though, and towards the end you'll still be in danger of blowing it all and getting one of the several endings other than the one "good" one, if you're not super observant and quick witted.But castles, shock tactics and gruesome deaths alone do not make a game, and as I mentioned, you're going to have to work with truly dated graphics to play this baby. I'm not complaining, after all, we're talking about the earliest days of the Playstation here, but I really must make it clear how primitive it looks - especially now that we have moved up to the sophistication of it's PS2 third incarnation which allows full directional movement and 3 dimensional areas to run about in.But hey, "Clock Tower" is the father of them all, and it deserves it's dues. Checkout screen shots on the internet first (if you can still find any), so you know what you're in for, and then brace yourself for an exciting dip into retro territory. And yes, it will STILL make you jump!prediction:4
reviewText:Thats pretty much the best way 2 describe it. This game isn't horrible but its playable. The levels are short, the bosses are faily easy, but the graphics are good for a 16-bit, and the sounds and music is good 2. Though if you want a really good X-men game try X-men 2 clone wars for Sega Genesis. The Graphics are good, the music is amazing! And the gameplay is very good. This game is good, but just not the best in the X-men universe.prediction:4
reviewText:This legendary title belongs in any sega fighting game collectors library, i own it as well as super street fighter II and wouldnt part with either of them. Must have the 6 button pad to enjoy this game, but thats common knowledge to any genesis fighting game fan. I remember back when this version first came out how excited i was that the boss characters were playable, and this title was when i made the switch from playing as ken nearly always to playing as sagat, the tiger uppercut really nails the oponet for a ton of health. I thought this version really stood out from the snes SF2s prior to super just for the fact of the added playable characters. I always beleived that genesis held the upper had in the fighting game genre, just as the same as snes always held the rpg genre in hand. I reccomend this game to any genesis fighting fan, even if you already own SSF2, i thought the sounds were a lot more crisp in this version than super for genesis, even tho i do love them both. A must have for the collector, no genesis fighting game library is complete without this version, want to make it even awesomer? pick up the genesis 6 button arcade joystick, its sure to please!prediction:4
reviewText:I bought this game earlier this year,I use to rent this game back when this system was popular.This game is different from a lot of fighters like Mortal Kombat,it has strategy that involves timing moves at the right time.For example,Ken/Ryu have slow,medium,and fast fireball when pressed with light,medium,and heavy punch buttons.The problem with game is that you must have a six button controller or you will have to press start to change the kicks from the punches,plus its way more fun with the six button controller.The graphics are  pretty close to the arcade counterpart,and still look really great compared to some of the other Genesis games.I own Street Fighter Alpha 3 on Dreamcast,so I have experience about Street Fighters games.I still think even after all these years SF2 is one of the greatest fighters to come out,or maybe it's just me thinking about childhood memories of playing this game early in the morning before anyone got up.The pros: close to arcade experience,creative fighters,light-medium-heavy buttons add more strategy to gameplay,beautiful backgrounds,added extra hyper mode to add to really fast experience for people with a.d.d.,bosses are pickable now,before it was just the eight fighters onlyThe cons: some animations are cut out,must have six button controller or it won't be fun,charge moves make some fighters uneven like Blanka and E.Hondaprediction:4
reviewText:This game can keep you entertained for hours. Sure, I never got around to defeating M. Bison, but that's why there's two player. In two player mode, you can do handicap (fun), a team match (also fun) or just one on one (still fun). Let's not forget the amazing roster of fighters. My favorites have to be Ryu, Ken, Chun Li, and Dhalsim. If you have a Genesis, I highly recommend it-c'mon, it's better than the Nintendo version. Sure it's not as good as Street Fighter 4, but it's still a fun bargain. As soon as I get the cables for my Genesis (I don't know what happened to my other cables) I'm going to start playing it again.prediction:4
reviewText:I know what you'e thinkin'!!  I love Street Fighter 2, especially the Champion Edition because it super cool, fun, and has the outstanding graphics for its time, great selectable characters, and fluent controls.  Thats good and all for Super NES releases, but what was Sega thinking when releasing this game on the Genesis?  Read carefully because there are two major things I find wrong with the release on this console.1. The buttons are limited.  I know that the Genesis has three main buttons other than start, but a standard fighting game has six buttons (HK, MK, LK, HP, MP, LP), not three!!  I don't know if this game is programmed for Genesis' new six button controller, but in order to use punch and kick buttons, you have to switch it up by pressing start, but that sucks the fun out of the game when you are trying to use a combination of moves to make it possible to defeat your opponent.2. THERE'S NO PAUSE BUTTON!!!  In order to make a button to switch up from punches to kicks and vice versa, they made it for the start button!!Theres absolutely no excuse for a 16-bit game to not have a pause button!If you dare to play this game on the Genesis, make sure you have no interruptions: go to the bathroom before playing, make sure your parents don't need anything for two hours, and leave a message on your answering machine that says "I'm playing Street Fighter 2 on the Genesis that has no pause button, leave a message after the beep.  BEEP!"What a rip off!  If you want to play the same classic game with the same graphics, but with more working control buttons and a pause button, get it for Super NES.prediction:4
reviewText:Great game with different endings. Be sure to save a lot. You CAN die. Took a lot of memory. But it is worth it. This is second time playing it. Music is melencholy...sp?Lots of ways to go. Many choices. Do not see that very often.An oldy but a great one for me. First time I played, I thought the dame was a mutton head and in my way. I did not know I was supposed to love her.  So keep that in mind.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is so intriguing and so realistic I found myself rushing to my computer after work to play it. In this game, you're free to tour the famous ship: the gymnasium, wireless room, smoking room, cabins, Turkish bath, even the engine, turbine, and boiler rooms and the top of the last smoke stack! You get to meet all sorts of characters, from social debutantes to a Serbian revolutionist. Listen to what they say. Each character gives you clues that will help you solve the game. In solving the game, you will perform tasks like sending a wireless, developing negatives, and decoding messages. It is a game that requires strategy, observation, and thought. Try out your ideas-they may work. My advice is to save this game often as you're playing and several times at various stages so you can return to a spot when you think you've figured something out. This game is not difficult, but does take time and thought. Don't give up, it's worth it in the end. As a former history major, I appreciate the period items you find on the ship (including a wax-cylinder gramophone which was a bit out of date even for the Titanic) and the lessons you get in the events that led to the First World War. You won't be able to save the Titanic, but you might be able to change history by altering the past.  My only qualm is that the game freezes up A LOT which is very frustrating when you are getting into the storyline.  Again, I can't stress enough the need to save where you're at in the game OFTEN. I also recommend the book "Titanic Adventure Out of Time Hints and Solutions" not just to solve the game (you may be able to solve it without it) but as an interesting supplement to the historical and scientific themes of the game.  The music and graphics are excellent.  You can really lose yourself in this game.  Even after solving it, I find myself wanting to play it again and again.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of my favorite games of all time.  I wanted it on when it first came out, and my husband thought I wouldn't like it.  I finally convinced him I would, and got it for the computer.  Even now, years later, I still play it.  It is that good.  Very rarely do you find a game that provides you the hours of gameplay that makes paying your hard earned money, money well spent.  This game does that.The creativity involved in coming out with the zany ailments, and the types of drs, nurses, and janitors that you'll employ just brings so much to the game.  Micromanaging the hospital is quite enjoyable.  If you can find this on the computer it's even better, but if you have to play it on the playstation in order to get it, then do it.  It's well worth it.prediction:4
reviewText:I've had this game for years, I'm reckoning ever since we first got a computer. I love this game. I tend to go through phases of playing it, and then not playing it for months. And then I suddenly think I haven't played it for ages, I'll have another go. I'm just coming out of those phases now, mainly because I can't go through a level, so I thought I'd review it! (I have the PC game, but what the hell) I normally get as far as the levels where there's epidemics every two seconds (no matter how many handymen you have wandering doing sweet f*** all - believe I've had up to 100, and I still get epidemics!) I've somehow managed to get up to the level with radiation patients, but once I've had one epidemic, that's me, the level slowly goes downhill, until I get to the doctor digging graves/caught in the toilets with a Naughty Nurse magazine/going past the bank etc.This game is terrific, and the patients are so funny. I don't know what my favourite patient is, but you see patients going around with big heads/dressed like the king/no hair/transparent/completely invisible and bright green are some of the more memorable ones. Most of the patients have regular, computer game symptoms, so they look ordinary people.I don't know why, but there's two types of doctors, and I prefer having just one of them!!! There's one who has afro-style hair, and one who has slightly less hair, but looks pure evil so I tend not to have him!This game can get very addictive. I've seen me sitting there, playing the game, listening to music, and reading when a level is running by itself and I don't need to do anything. It can get quite funny if someone walks in on me &quot;multi-tasking&quot;!When you get a sickness epidemic in the hospital it's so funny. Especially if you've got the sound turned up, people come running thinking you've been sick!The announcements are brilliant to listen to, although my version seems to stop and start. Sometimes there's complete silence, and then the announcements will come thick and fast - normally after the emergencies have been and gone!I'd love to complete this game, but I can't. I've had it for years. But it shows how addictive it is!prediction:4
reviewText:I didn't expect alot from Max Payne, as the hype around it dulled my senses. I bought the game on a whim, and wow.. I was blow away. Technically, the game has no equal for graphics, the camera work makes you feel like your in a movie. The gameplay is very well done, although the AI is moderate, it can still provide a challenge. The key to the game is the storyline. Your heart goes out to this character, I more than once felt as though I would well up a tear for what this fellow goes through. The soundtrack and vocals are excellent adding so much more depth to the story.  My only beef with this game is that it is EXTREMELY mature oriented. The graphic violence, blood, and various inuendos throughout the game should really be dealt with by adults. I haven't tried the parental &quot;lock&quot; version, however I can't help but wonder if they could take out all the stuff I would be concerned with my kids seeing. Max Payne is going to go on my shelf as one of the best games I've ever played.prediction:4
reviewText:Max Payne is one of those rare games that comes along every once in a while that breathes new life into a genre that seems to be all boring clones.  I have played many shooters, and yet Max Payne was a totally new experience.  It is unlike any other shooter out there.  I have played very few games with such a deep, involving story.  From the first episode in the game, you are deeply involved in the character and the story.  Max Payne is a complex character who is very realistic.  The gameplay in this game is truly superb as well.  The action is intense and smooth-moving.  It is difficult but very fair.  The feature that you surely have heard about the most is bullet-time.  This is truly a unique feature that adds a lot to the game.  You will surely end up using it a lot.  It provides for a lot of very cool sequences.  The game is a bit short, but the included mods (Hard-Boiled, New York Minute, and Dead On Arrival) should provide some additional longevity.  I would not recommend this game for younger players, though.  My brother is 15 and he found a couple parts a bit disturbing, though that could just be him.  I personally am 18 and found nothing to be disturbing.  There is mild swearing but nothing you don't hear everyday.  Max Payne is truly an enjoyable game and a very worthwhile purchase.  Even without multiplayer it is a rewarding experience to play through.  It like nothing you've ever played, even if you think you've seen everything a shooter can do.prediction:4
reviewText:I added a review when I first got this game... and as a previous gamer mentioned and I think he was right.. I gave this game 5 stars but I was still in my 10 hour honeymoon with the game.  Its a great game don't get me wrong... just once you finish it it doesn't have that much replayability to it.  You will probably end up putting it aside once you finish it .. which only takes several hours.  I suggest you should wait till it hits the bargain bin .. like the previous gamer mentioned in his review... and get a good online game.. they are the best! I recommend .. operation flashpoint if you like stategic warefare games... WW2 online will be a great game as soon as they get the bugs all out.. i would wait on that one for at least 6 months.. cause they charge ya 10 bucks now to play.  Fighter ace 2 at the gaming zone is a great fighter pilot game... with a big online community as well.. for also 10 bucks a month... but worth the $$.  I would keep an eye out for return to wolfienstien and Alien vs . predator 2 and medal of honor 2 - allied assault.  Game on !!prediction:4
reviewText:3 stars is pretty good for me as i have yet to give a game 5 stars and i would say max payne is maybe 3 and a half. i wont really go into the plot much of this game as its always the easiest info to come across. i'll just give you my positives and my complaints that lead to my score.positive:a good story!,i find video games woefully deficient in this regard normally and when people talk about good stories at best i think it is relative. i am still waiting for a great story, but found mp to be one of the (few) reasonably solid ones. as a fan of cutscenes i thought i would miss them more than i did (the story is told through quite good graphic novel panels). the ending in particular is notably satisfying, with the gameplay integrating well and interestingly with the action itself to produce an actual, mostly reasonable, closed ending conclusion (shockingly rare in computer games!).you can save the game anytime.looks pretty nice for a dated game, not beautiful, but can be stylish.good gameplay balance and feel, i liked the voice acting and characters, film noir theme worked quite well (i enjoyed the lack of monsters!) interesting progression of improved weapons, gameplay mechanics sound, self adjusting difficulty levels a little bit of an odd concept, but actually worked pretty well (the game adjusts the difficulty level according to how you're doing), i like my games a bit on the easier side of things and the level of challenge here was really pretty good for me. i had really only a couple notably frustrating times (one a run through a burning building), but i've had  worse. also, i LIKED the length of this game! it is a common complaint that it was too short, but i find very few games are actually anywhere good or interesting enough to hold my interest all the way through as they all end up as more of the same after awhile. 12 to 15 hours (a guess, i don't exactly recall) is a very good length for a shooter and seemed just right for max payne.you might also enjoy that this game should work on even a pretty dated system today (i found the game very stable with its patch), and that you should be able to get it for dirt cheap.negatives:the extremely interesting bullet time feature, while cool, actually gives no advantage that i can tell. if anything it was a disadvantage mostly and you're better off just barging through or in (they fix this in max payne 2, but do worse on other accounts).there are alot of locked doors as in "hmm this door is locked, i'll try that one, oh, i tried that already."the gameplay is not notably diverse, shooting, navigating, a bit of light puzzle solving. the gritty urban world is okay, but not all that interesting to explore or anything.conclusion: this is a very good meat and potatoes action adventure shooter. it will not blow you away but is pretty fun and as good as pretty much anything else in its genre (taking into account its age which probably means less than most of us "newest thing" addicts are inclined to admit). i recommend it.prediction:4
reviewText:I'm going to start with the positives:This game is simply the most advanced game I've played to date. Not only are the graphics something out of the future, the story is what keeps you playing the game. It's like your walking through a movie, and YOUR the main character. If your sick of games with all shooting, and no storyline, this game is for you. This one WILL get you interested enough to keep playing it right to the end.The weapons aren't the biggest attraction to the game, but the &quot;matrix&quot; style slow motion is like nothing you've seen before in a PC game.The Negatives:There's only ONE negative I can think of. That is that you better be running a damn good system if you expect to see and play this game up to it's potential. I'm running a P4 1.6 with a Geforce 3 TI series Accelerator, and that has something to do with why the graphics are so good, and there is no screen slow down.Bottom line..if your system can take it, GO FOR IT.prediction:4
reviewText:FIRST OF ALL: If you are turned off from buying this game because you don't have an experimental super-processor and a mountain of RAM, don't fret. I run the game on a 450 MHz PIII and 128 MB RAM and it's smooth as silk (at the lowest, but still gorgeous, graphics level). If you have the bare minimum hardware, it's very worth it to give it a try.Atmosphere: It is a very mature game - not for the little tikes. The game deals with violence, sex, and drugs most of the time, not to mention heartstring-pulling drama. If you're OK with that, prepare to be immersed in a tense crime action-drama that feels like a movie and (mature) comic book at the same time. I find myself almost biting my lip at times playing this game. The suspense will have you sweating bullets. The voice acting, especially Max's, is also great. Max has that great &quot;seen more hatred and darkness than any man should&quot; kind of sound in his voice, but has a comforting &quot;tough guy&quot; sound as well. The only thing I can really compare this game to, in terms of immersiveness, is Metal Gear Solid for the PlayStation, only with a richer setting.Graphics and sound: The graphics vary between great and jaw-dropping, depending on the power of your processor and 3D card. In the slow-motion &quot;Bullet Time&quot;, you can actually see the bullets coming toward and away from Max. The sound is also very well-done. If Max is a room away from two thugs talking, they sound like they are a room away. Overall, it makes you feel like you're there.Gameplay and features: One of the coolest features of the game is the slow motion, officially called &quot;Bullet Time&quot;. Bullet Time can be used at any point, since there is no break between action sequences and looking around. However, Bullet Time is limited. It slowly drains while it is activated, but you get a little more to refill it a bit whenever Max downs an enemy thug. The slow-mo really adds an extra &quot;wow&quot; factor to the action sequences. This isn't just Tomb Raider with thugs, drugs, and Baretta slugs - this is a game of Matrix-like action tied together with a Usual Suspects-like story. The controls are very simple and do not detract from the game whatsoever.My advice: Buy this game if you have at least the bare minimum hardware. Wait until it is dark and quiet to begin playing it. Prepare to have all of your emotions thoroughly smacked-around and sent through a rollercoaster ride of action and drama.prediction:4
reviewText:Wow. Simply put, Max Payne is one of those games that makes you sit back and thank the heavens for your PC. From the brilliant opening sequence to the dingy corridors of Hell's Kitchen apartments and subway systems, Payne promises a feast of graphic delight, convincing audio, and a wealth of gameplay goodness. The game's depiction of Max's wife being murdered is harrowing, and from there, the story just gets better. Told in snippets of pulp fiction graphic novel, Payne's bent-on-revenge theme works to perfection. The locale of NYC is genuine, down to the ambulance sirens, mailboxes, and subway location signs. But where the game really stands out is its gameplay. Although Max is a conventional shooter, it is anything but. Using the brilliant &quot;shootdodge&quot; and &quot;bullet-time&quot; techniques, Max can essentially slow down the clock and dispatch enemies, despite overwhelming odds. How, you ask? By slowing the enemy's actions (including their bullets), Max remains in real time, essentially letting you squeeze off a few rounds before the bad guys even knew what hit them. When it's all over, you'll see foes somersaulting backwards, bullets and blood their last hurrah. The game's use of Max's heartbeat to slow down the action is unforgettable, and having to use it only in times of trouble is amazing. It never gets overdone. The action sequences are too good to be true. In fact, to believe it, you'll simply have to see it. Action camera angles are done seamlessly, and Max's comments during the game keep the story flowing. Cut scenes are meticulously crafted in grainy comic book action, and the style works, thanks to the story's key elements.With so many cool features and amazing gameplay, the only disappointment with &quot;Max&quot; is its length. Because after 10 to 15 hours of complete immersion, it's over. Still, with the included editor, game geeks from all over the world will be creating mods to further Max's bloodlust. Oh, and one other note: Payne works better on fast machines with updated graphics cards, so be sure you've got a 700 MHz or better unit running with some heavy RAM (128 or above; 256 is clutch) and a GeForce2 or above.So, if you're thinking about buying one game this summer, make it Max Payne. It's an instant classic that is sure to go down in PC history as one of the greatest. It's that good.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the best games i ever played!  This game is for anyone who enjoyed the movie the Matrix.  YOu can slow down time by pushing your mouse button, and the story line is gripping.  If you are looking for a great game, this is it!  I ran the game fine in full detail on my p3 600 with 256 ram and a  32 meg tnt2.prediction:4
reviewText:MaxPayne is the most original character ever madeHis grin is what ruined it for me.  This is one of rockstars bestgames out to date.  I still like 2 more but still were talking about a ground breaking classic that every pc owner should have.  The pc versian looks way better than the ps2 and x box put together but over all max payne is an action adventure for any die hard fans.  But if you want a true classic action adventure game.Get Metal Gear Solid!THATS TRUE GAMING FOR YA!The story max payne is that.....Max Payne, the New York police detective, has had a bad time of it recently, and it's time for payback. Three years ago, junkies high on a mysterious new narcotic called Valkyr slaughtered his wife and child. The tragedy drives him on a prolonged path of vengeance. It turns him from a detective looking for easy work to a deep undercover vice cop infiltrating the Mob to a hardened vigilante. Max Payne is a film-noir-inspired game about revenge that is unflinching in every way possible. It's dark and moody, extremely twisted, and turns PC action gaming on its ear by featuring state-of-the-art graphics, audio, and cinematic action.SO GET OUT NOW AND GET THE GAME!prediction:4
reviewText:It's Doom. Doom. It's hard to believe, but it's possible that a lot of  people are too young to have played this when it came out, all of seven  years ago. Basically, you run around a series of techno / medieval levels,  shooting things. It's very simple and good fun - indeed, it's a lot more  fun than the technologically-superior follow-up 'Quake'. If you've ever  wanted to mow down a room full of zombies with a burst of chaingun fire,  this is the game for you. It's a modern classic, and just as much fun as it  ever was - as with 'Wolfenstein' you can only really play it in  fifteen-minute bursts before getting bored, but the small size and speed of  the game on modern machines means that you can use it as a desktop toy, a  diversion whilst doing something else. And as a piece of history it's  unsurpassed, network game and all.This package contains the original  'Doom' and two extra sections, both of which are very hard indeed. The game  has been updated for Windows '95, and can run at a slightly higher  resolution to the original. Note that there's a superior 'Doom Collection'  out there, which compiles 'Final Doom', 'Doom 2', and a thousand-odd extra  levels.In addition, it's worth finding the 'GLDoom' patch, which enables  3D-acceleration and higher resolutions. This transforms the game - you can  see all the way into the distance.As for '3-Demon', '3D Monster Maze'  for the ZX81 beats it by three years.prediction:4
reviewText:Imperium Galactica II, Alliances, is definitely a very good strategy game, yet it has several silly flaws for no apparent reason, thus taking away from what it could overall offer.There is a good, though not great, variety of civilizations to choose from; from the peace loving Cheblon to the mighty warlike Kra'hen, and many others in between.  Humans of course could not be absent as they exist in the form of the Solarians.The feeling of building up your empire and expanding into the far reaches of the galaxy is very real and you do get a strong sense of accomplishment for all your effort.  The battles, the inventions, the upgrades, and the plot are very good.A lot of work seems to have been put into the game.On the negative side, there are several points, which could have been dealt with before the game was released (and many of them have already been covered/pointed out by other reviewers):There is an easy, normal, and difficult level of play, but normal is next to impossible and that is a pretty big problem.Moreover, when you do decide to play single as opposed to multiplayer, you only get a choice of three races.In addition, the actual alliances are very difficult to come by when you actually need them, while at the same time extremely easy whenever you're winning.Furthermore, the videos and the graphics are average; not poor, but not great either.Finally, there are such things as the "futuristic" electronic music for example, that is constantly playing in the background, which is rather terrible and highly annoying to say the least.  A more Star Wars-like sounding music would have been much appropriate and inspirational.Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of hours of gaming enjoyment ahead when playing Imperium Galactica II, Alliances!  Despite its flaws, and though it may not be a masterpiece, it will provide for a decent amount of amusement as well as excitement.prediction:4
reviewText:If you combined Salvador Dali's mind with that of General Powell's, you'd probably come up with something like &quot;Giants: Citizen Kabuto.&quot; Odd, strange and wierd all describe it. But likewise, so does fun, entertaining and laugh-out-loud funny at times.There are 3 different factions to play as: The Mercs, The Sea Reapers and the Giant Kabuto himself. With the Mercs, there are 5 guys, though you basically play as one of them with the other four tagging along and mimicking you -- there strength is in weapons and technology. The Sea Reaper is Delphi, a sort of mermaid like women with very strong magical powers. And Kabuto, who is raw strength and size.If you've ever played Warcraft, Starcraft, or Command &amp; Conquer, (RTS's) and Doom or Half-Life (first person shooters) you'll get a feeling for this game as it combines base building with first person shooter. But the big difference is that with each of the 3 factions in this game, the strategies and tactics required are TOTALLY unique. None are like the other two, and yet they are very well balanced and a blast to play.Graphically, it's stunningly beautiful, as are the sounds and music. And you will laugh out loud at some of the cut-scene dialogues and you'll be wondering if the creators were part drunk when the put this all together. But it works very much in its favor. It's one of the top 10 games I've ever played, but it's definitely the most unique.prediction:4
reviewText:I can't contain the experience alone. Every one must know, they MUST you see?I'm typically the type: the more gore, head kracking, and the darker and more evil a game the better. Well, here's Giants, possibly the funnest gaming experience I've ever had and it's Light hearted, but it's the funniest game ever. It's so masterly put together with all the perfect elements of twisted humor, Beautiful graphics and environments, different styles of gameplay within the game, staring at delphi's nude body...just delete or move the arpfix file in the bin folder to experience the sea reapers as they were meant to be. Quite possibly my favourite game ever. A winner in the Industry.MyStats.Beutiful Graphics, Amazing modeling work, Sharp textures..The Story. Oh god, I love it! The Plot is so perfect. Funny and I mean REALLY Funny, heroic, great combination of elements. Very original Scie Fi. I was completely emersed in these worlds..Environments are one of the most striking features here. Wow, 30 islands, each beautifully rendered and detailed. Fully emmersive and atmospheric..Sound. The music is outstanding, by Mark Snow, (X files, La Femme Nikita) and I mean it...It's THAT good. The sound effects and ambience is riveting..Gameplay. Fun. Very Fun. Pure energetic Fun.One of the few titles I give 100 on a 1-5 scaleprediction:4
reviewText:It's hard to believe Giants is a decade on now. For those of you who missed it, Giants was part of the boom in hi-tech PC games that came about with the introduction of the GeForce video card series and the departure of 3DFX from the graphics market (a boom that would also give us Black and White [boo] and Max Payne [yay]). For about 5 years after this game, DirectX would make quantum leaps forward and PC gaming ruled the roost, until the affordability and power of seventh-generation consoles became the new standard.As befits the frontrunner of a new generation, Giants is a tremendously flashy, colorful game. It features big open levels with tons of long-range combat and exploration, and in the midgame, base building. In essence it is a cartoony, single-player Tribes, lathered over with tons of shinies and British wit. It even featured some pretty daring use of early lighting shaders that other games wouldn't use so extensively for a few years more (in particular, Kabuto's skin boasts a gnarled, 3D look).In the modern age of Crysis and Skyrim and Battlefield 3, Giants isn't so spectacular as it once was, but it still boasts clever writing, fun combat, and endearing characters. Well worth your time as a trip to when the current era of PC gaming began.PROS-Cute story, fun characters. And yes, there is an ini tweak to take the blue sorceress lady's top off like in the UK version. Don't let your mum catch you.-Dated but still charming graphics.-Inoffensive sound.-Fun gunplay while it lasts.CONS-When you actually get to play as the giant, it's sort of boring.-Once phenomenal graphics now look rather dated (think about like an XBox 1 game).-Terrible balance in multiplayer, which is probably long dead anyway.-Pretty short.prediction:4
reviewText:O.K ...I HATED this game, HATE HATE HATED it - briefly.When I first started it up, I loved it, it was fun, funny, had tongue in cheek jokes all over the place.But then it became really really hard, tedious, you cannot save in the middle of a level so you have to play the damned level again and again and again.What's more, it is buggy and crashes - even with the patch, it is still a bit buggy (Jan 2000) - so you start the level again.What I did not realise is that this is NOT a shoot 'em like Unreal Tournament or Quake 3, for example when you are a Mech you send your team in to do the fighting for you.When I learnt that (from the strategy guide) I realised how much more fun it was.However it does tend to get tedious.Overall, a fresh new concept with lots of promise, but the developers are not experienced enough to have made something stable, with ongoing excitement.Try it out, it is fun! But don't complain if you get bored.prediction:4
reviewText:Vandal Hearts 1 was and still is a truly remarkable game. The graphics don't do a game this beautiful any justice, but this one's soooooo good, i wouldn't care if I was controlling stick figures!Ok, let's run through the thing. The first RPG I've ever seen that DOESN'T REQUIRE EXPLORING! All you do is follow the dialogue (VERY intriguing story) and fight, fight, fight!! The battles reek of awesomeness, and require a huge amount of strategy, which rounds out to a game that will not be enjoyed by everyone. Some might not appreciate the smarts that go into this thing, and the game is very user friendly; should you lose a battle, you learn from your mistakes and eventually will move on. It builds thinking skills!! How's that, parents? You are Ash, a soldier who can kick some serious booty. Your initial friends: Diego, an Archer, and Clint, another soldier. As the story progresses, you meet other characters, (rounding your final party to twelve, whom you can use in the same fight at the SAME TIME) and enhance your abilities; archers can become either Hawknight or bowmen and then advance from there to higher levels, and so on and so forth for each character. You'll like the ending, I assure ya.*Graphics*: 3 out of 5--could be better. *Sound* 5-- oooo, you can hear the blood gush! neat! *Control* 5-- I like it! hey mikey! *fun-ocity* 5-- The NES-ish graphics can't pull this one down. A keeper, for sure!prediction:4
reviewText:Vandal Hearts is definitely one of the sleeper hits of the year. No one expected it to be a great game, as it wasn't hyped up before its release. But Konami put something into the game that usually helps: fun and addictive gameplay. Vandal Hearts claims to be an RPG, but it really isn't. Actually, it's a strategy game with RPG elements and a story intertwined. Unlike Command and Conquer, where you can have hundreds of "units" at a time, in Vandal Hearts you usually have around 7. But rather than having units with identical abilities, each of your characters have different skills, spells, and strengths that set them apart. They advance in levels, again making Vandal Hearts look like an RPG, but all it really does is add more spells and raise endurance.For every ten levels you advance, you can choose a path of study for your character. For example, when your archer reaches level 10, you can either have him become a Bowman (a more skilled archer) or a Hawknight (a flying, spear-wielding character). Since your characters can be different every time you play, Vandal Hearts has some unprecedented replay value.During the actual strategic part of the game, you navigate bitmapped characters throughout a polygon map. The maps range anywhere from really small to quite big - it can take up to 20 minutes to get from one side to another. The landscapes are varied with mountains and valleys. The textures that are slathered on the polygons look great, and the bitmapped characters and enemies fit in like a charm. The spells don't look quite as good as Final Fantasy 7, but they are still really cool. Vandal Hearts did receive a rating of Mature, and there is really only one reason for it. When you kill an enemy, even if you just poke it with your finger, an artery-busting spray of blood is released. Although it may be a little gratuitous, it sure does look neat. The game is turn-based and you navigate each character individually. Because of the vastly different maps and buildings that would block your view of the action, you can rotate the camera around 360 degrees, as well as switch from a blimp view to a side view (and everything in-between). The camera is really intuitive, not hindering the game at all. Before you decide to start moving your characters and spewing some blood, you might want to observe the landscape and plan out your attack. Because you can see the whole map from the beginning, having an actual plan can be extremely helpful. I can attest that blindly running around attempting to kill things doesn't work as well as you'd think. The music is an orchestral score that will definitely get you pumped up into killing the baddies. The sound is equally as good; squishy blood sounds and the clashes of metal upon metal are all superbly done. The sounds that accompany the spells also follow suit, and you won't be disappointed by leaving the sound turned up LOUD.This game is so ridiculously addictive, you'll soon find yourself taking time off from work to play it. Its combination of a good story, great control, and strategic play set it apart from all the other games on the market today.prediction:4
reviewText:I own all the titles within here, Collector Editions of X-Wing and Tie Fighter, and have X-Wing VS Tie Fighter, but I heard in this package the two previous games carried X-Wing VS Tie Fighter engine viewage... but I'm not so sure.......Other than that. The games are all good. Using DosBox and a joystick you can indeed play X-Wing, Tie Fighter, and X-Wing VS Tie Fighter on your Windows Machine, Vista, to Windows 7. You could probably find a few "mods" around that ease visuals.Of that I can confirm the working part. I don't got a joystick to test the control part :)prediction:4
reviewText:I got the game last night and from the secondI began the installation process, I knew this was going to be awinner.The cutscenes are fantastic, Lucasarts knows how much gamerslike these little rewards for their work and effort and the opening sequence is nothing short of spectacular.The gameplay is superior. It would be nice if there were an option to slow it down or even pause it, but, hey, this is &quot;Real-time&quot; strategy--no such wussy options here. The &quot;Holographic Interface&quot; (the gameplay screen through which you control your troops) is actually pretty easy to get used to, and is incredibly flexible at the same time. You can get dirtside with your troops and watch a stormtrooper run past you as he fires his blaster at the rebels while a AT-ST comes traipsing up from behind.Sound and music are equally spectacular.  ENDprediction:4
reviewText:This is a marvelous game!  The part of the game that shines is definitely the SameTime mode.  It is much harder, but more fun and strategic that the orginial.  The computer AI are excellent, there are 16 AI opponents each with different traits and their own skill level of play.Also, the game is VERY customizable and includes special mission based objectives.  Furthermore, you dont have to win by taking every piece of territory if you don't want to.  You can win by taking over 80% of the world or if you want a quickie 60% of the world!In short, get this game!  It's worth it!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Risk 2 is definitely worth the bargain price.  The many different gameplay options allow for different challenges for one or more players.  Some old high school buddies and I decided we would try getting together once a month to keep in touch, play a game, and chat.  This game allows for intense gameplay while quality time with family or friends.  The tournament is extremely challenging because it forces you to play the game in the different modes which does not allow you to develop a consistent strategy.  This is a plus because games that allow you to form and follow a set strategy get boring and monotanous after a short time.  The &quot;Same Time&quot; strategy takes a little while to get used to, but definitely is an addition that benefits the game.  It allows for multiple attacks, both from two or more of your countries, but also from several of your countries and countries of other players.  If you and a fellow player attack the computer at the same location, for instance, once the computer has been defeated, you and your buddy &quot;go at it&quot;.  You also have to watch out for &quot;surge attacks&quot; where an opponent can attack you one place and then immediately go into the next country while you're not even aware of it.  If you're into a challenge or want a game which allows for some competition and quality time with family and friends, get Risk 2.prediction:4
reviewText:First off, This is an extremely great game for those who liked Metroid and wanted to continue the story of the game. The game is a really great game and is what you have come to expect from the Metroid series, a really fun game. The concept of the game revolves around the idea that, Samus, goes to the a planet to investigate some kind of investation. This turns out to be Metroids a class of Aliens she encountered in the original game and you must go through and wipe them out from the planet before they have the ability to spread. The graphics of the game are relatively good for the time the game premiered coming out in the early 90's but the game is still a fun game despite the matter of graphics. Playability is pretty simple as it is a simple control scheme that anyone can quickly get used to and the entertainment factor keeps you playing for a while when you are in the car on a road trip. As far as replay value it is pretty cut and dry. The game progresses through and begs you to beat it, so eventually you probably will. Anyway, I enjoyed this game a great deal [or I wouldn't have given it five stars] and I recommend that you try to pick it up so you could have a little slice of Metroid joy.prediction:4
reviewText:The following refers to the downloadable version of Tetris available for the 3DS/2DS system.Entertaining players young and old for more than 29 years, Tetris can be found on virtually any platform.  And yet this iteration holds a special place in the hearts and minds of many, and remains a personal favorite of creator Alexey Pajitnov.  Released with Game Boy in 1989, Tetris challenged public perceptions of gaming by challenging everyone to arrange falling blocks into horizontal lines that disappear.  One could say that this was our first casual video game.But for the all the history surrounding Tetris (along with its estimated effects on the human brain), nostalgia has its limits.  To its credit, the 2 single-player modes still provide an infuriating challenge, and even reward the player with a cute space shuttle launch (and as with most Virtual Console titles, you have the option to alter the image to resemble Game Boy's green tinted screen).  But without a friend with his/her own copy of Tetris handy, it literally doesn't get any better than that.  Such is especially true since the multiplayer mode is absent on the VC version.  Still, nothing beats racking up a new high score while in line, on the bus, in the elevator, or even in the bathroom.This game is unrated.prediction:4
reviewText:In a world where there were CDs, companies like Sega and 3DO had tried to capitalize on the concept of playing video games on a CD, giving the games enhanced graphics and sound. There is one company, however, named Nintendo, and it created Donkey Kong Country. Donkey Kong Country was a game that proved that you don't need CD-based technology to make games with flashy graphics. You just need to put in effort to fit it to your console. How will that work on 8-Bit systems, though?Fans often overlook this as a remake of Donkey Kong Country. Unfortunately for them, they are missing out, as this is actually a sequel. The gameplay and graphics are the same as the SNES game, but the levels and worlds are different. Is the story the same? No. In fact, the story is about, according the manual, DKC's success. Cranky Kong claims that the game only sold well because of the game's "fancy graphics" and that "kids would buy anything these days". A funny story to a satisfying game.Actually, the graphics are eye-popping on the old-school Game Boy. Even if the characters blend in the backgrounds a little, playing the game on a Game Boy Color or Advance helps them stand out better.The sounds and music were memorable. You can never go wrong with the sweet beats of Kongo Jungle. Now that it's composed in 8-Bit, it would appeal to NES fans as well.The game is one of those games that show the characters on a map before actually going into the levels. Once you go to a level, you're gonna be expecting barrel-blasting, Kremling-smashing, animal-romping fun! As a platformer, it doesn't disappoint with its gameplay. You can even ride atop an Animal Buddy, like a rhino or an ostrich. Rhinos can knock everybody out of its way, while the Ostrich guides you safely across the level, though it also kills enemies. It can also float in the air like Racoon Mario in Super Mario Bros 3.One thing I gotta point out is that there is no Candy's Save Point in this game. Instead, you'd be able to save your progress by collecting the K-O-N-G letters in a level.The whole game is just a lot of fun, and I'd continue playing it ever after beating it.Overall, this is a really great Game Boy game. You should get it for any Game Boy system you have.prediction:4
reviewText:It's not often that one comes across a game like Donkey Kong Land 2, a game where the inefficiencies within are so obviously apparent that it simply boggles the mind. Of course, before I get into what's really wrong with Donkey Kong Land 2 I should probably admit that I played through the GameBoy trilogy in a rather strange order (III, original and then 2) but in hindsight I can't help but think this is part of the reason I was able to see through Donkey Kong Land 2's false facade and see it for the flawed creation that it is.So what's wrong with Donkey Kong Land 2? Well, it actually quite simple. Unlike the original Donkey Kong Land which featured new, original levels, Land 2 tries to emulate the SNES original as closely as possible. The levels aren't dead-on recreations but they are close, so close that this game doesn't really have an identity. Now I know some people will find such a statement ironic given that the gameplay makes the experience here far from original but with Land 2 trying it's hardest to emulate Donkey Kong Country 2 you can't help but reflect on that game when playing this one and, well, you have to admit that Diddy's Kong Quest is 1) a great game and 2) vastly superior to this game when it comes to its non-superficial aspects. That's pretty damning on its own, but once you throw in the slightly squirrely controls and the lackluster sound programming (seriously, the fact that certain pieces of music fail to play in the appropriate levels is strangely off-putting) the experience just starts to cave in on itself.Of course this doesn't mean you can't enjoy Donkey Kong Land 2 but as a game it left a lot less of an impact on me than Land III or the original. It is a real shame that such a low point falls in the middle of the trilogy and not at the beginning or end as most people will probably agree it's easier to justify a weak start or finish. However, I guess I can't criticize the game too much as I can think of a small handful of great trilogies that were somewhat tainted by an under-performing game. Ninja Gaiden III on the Nintendo, Xenosaga II on the PlayStation 2... the list goes on. Still, when it comes to the Donkey Kong Land series I don't have a doubt that Donkey Kong Land 2 is the odd man out.prediction:4
reviewText:Diddy Kong and new member Diddy's Girlfriend(Dixie Kong) are off on a long dangerous adventure to save the leader of the DK crew. Diddy Kong and Dixie Kong must go through 40 dangerous and challenging levels to get to the lost world where King K. Rool is located, this is also the place where you save Donkey Kong. When King K. Rool is running jump over him, if you hit his crown then you will be at a major risk of killing yourself.Get this Donkey Kong Land game, it is the most challenging and most interesting of the three. I have all 3 and I played them a lot, the first one is very dull and has loads of glitches, and horrible graphics, the pixels on the screen of this game are all choppy because of the limited colors these games offer.Donkey Kong Land (Nintendo Game Boy)The game is Donkey Kong Country but for the original game boy. The Graphics are pretty bad considering it was one of the later games in this library, and the game tends to be slow and messed up at times. The game itself isn't that bad, however it is just that the graphics ruin the game.Donkey Kong Land 2 (Nintendo Game Boy)Best of the series. More challenging levels play as: Diddy Kong, or Dixie Kong(Dixie can fly when she is in the air, her hair can do a helicoptor. This game is very fun, the levels where you have to go in the ocean are more fun in this game, if you are a person who likes action packed games this is the one for you!Donkey Kong Land 3 (Nintendo Game Boy)There are many levels in this game where the levels are boring, but the music and graphics are great in this one. If you like something fun, challenging, classic, and you get your full value, this is the game for you. Many new creatures, Kiddy Kong and Dixie Kong are the playable characters.Buy Donkey Kong Land 2 because it is FUN and FLAWLESS.Thanks!J.R. Plattprediction:4
reviewText:Everone knows that Nintendo is not quite known for creating fighting games. The company is known for its signature Super Mario, Donkey Kong, Zelda and Metroid games. However Nintendo teamed up with Rare to create a fighting game which used a technology similar to their hit 1994 game, Donkey Kong Country. The result was the arcade fighter Killer Instinct. The SNES version was releasd in 1995.The story behind the game, as with most fighting games, is quite lame. An organisation called &quot;Ultratech&quot; is pitting various fighters against each other for its own ulterior motives. There are ten fighters which are Thunder, Cinder, Glacius, Fulgore, Jago, Orchid, Riptor, Sabrewulf, Spinal and T.J. Combo. The characters themselves show a fair amount of variation, from the ninja-ish Jago to the robotic Fulgore to the dinosaur Riptor to the red indian Chief Thunder. The boss is Eyedol. The game offers a vast amount of moves for each character, including special moves, secret &quot;combo-breakers,&quot; ultra combos, finishing moves, humiliations (a bit like Mortal Kombat's &quot;friendships&quot;), stage fatalities and more. What Killer Instinct is really known for are the combos. Depending on the number of hits they range from &quot;triple&quot; to &quot;blaster&quot; to &quot;monster&quot; to &quot;ultra.&quot; Despite all this variation, I only enjoyed a few characters like Jago, Combo, Cinder and Thunder.Just as in the Donkey Kong Country games, the graphics are amazing. The backgrounds range from medieval castles to rooftops to factories to canyons. The fighters have fluid animation, flashy moves and various coloured outfits to choose from. The sound effects are not bad, but some characters make weird noises, for example, Cinder, Glacius and Riptor. The music is extremely well done. Each background has music which matches its atmosphere. I loved Jago's stage back then (a bit like Ryu's from Street Fighter II). The game controls quite well, but some attacks are unavoidable and quite often you'll get beaten up by some cheap move, despite how strategic you get. The game balance is also a bit off. If you want to win, choose Combo, Jago or Fulgore. If you want to lose, pick Sabrewulf, Riptor or Spinal. Ironically, the computer controlled Spinal provides a good challenge. Eyedol is also a worthy opposition, but like I said above, if you make a single wrong move somewhere, you may end up getting beaten up continuously until you die.Overall however, for a company that's been making side-scrolling action games and adventure games, Killer Instinct is a surprisingly good effort in the fighting game department. If you want a really solid game for your SNES, with great graphics and music that will provide hours of fun and amusement, Killer Instinct is for you.prediction:4
reviewText:Yeah, it's an old game for Super Nintendo, but it's the greatest racing game ever made in my opinion. I think the graphics are very impressive for its time, and it is blazing fast for a SNES racer. The music is also fantastic techno, the best music i've heard in a racing game, and better than most games in general. The vehicles are pretty cool, each having advantages and disadvantages. There are many difficulty settings, and many courses depending on the difficulty setting you chose. Beating the game on the hardest difficulty can be extremely difficult, especially at the later courses. The only rip I have on this game is that it should have been two players, and after you beat it so many times/ beat it on the hardest settings, it gets old (I played it non stop before i mastered it, now it isn't nearly as entertaining.) But for when it came out, it is definitely a classic, and to this day I think it is the best racing game ever.prediction:4
reviewText:This is a very fun game great especially when playing with two players! But still as fun with one! there are the classic powerups and levels that many gamers have fallen in love with! It is still as fun as it was back in the day! Highly recommended to any racing game fans and mario fans alike! If you want to see where Mario Kart all began for those of you who have played the 64,gamecube, and wii version, then bask in the goodness that is SUPER MARIO KART! 10/10prediction:4
reviewText:It's just as you remember no different lol! But still fun for groups who are retro an into snes. I play it with my gf.prediction:4
reviewText:Racing games have been a staple of the video game world for years.  This game combines just the right mix of silliness with racing to be fun for everyone.You can choose to be one of 8 Nintendo characters, from Mario and Luigi to the Princess, Donkey Kong Jr., or Yoshi.  The object is the same as any other racing game, be the first to complete the race, in this case five laps.  Along the way, you can pick up objects to help you and hinder others like turtle shells, banana peels, or the invincibility star.  Keep winning, and you move up.There are three sets of tracks and two speeds for each, so there is plenty of variety to keep you entertained for a while.  Plus you can race the computer or one other human opponent.  The head to head races are the most fun because your friend will offer some surprises that a computer won't.  Finally, you can always battle it out and try to be the first person to knock your opponent off the battle field.The controls are easy to get used to.  I may not be as good at it as my friends, but I've spent many happy hours driving around these tracks.prediction:4
reviewText:Super Metroid (AKA Metroid 3) was the only Metroid game released for the SNES in 1994 and continues from the previous game released on the original Game Boy portable systemThe game starts off showing cut scenes of Samus dropping off a baby Metroid at a laboratory only to rush back and find Ripley, a long time villain of Samus, breaking in and stealing the baby Metroid. You briefly control Samus, fighting him off and then escaping the space station before it explodes. You fly to a mysterious planet and here is where the game officially begins.Super Metroid expanded on everything that made the series so revered by introducing brand new elements that appeared in future Metroid games (save portals, map system, new weapons and missiles.) This game is huge so it will keep you busy for hours. The graphics and sounds are excellent and showed what the SNES was capable of. The controls took advantage of the SNES controller since it used every button but after a few minutes, you can control Samus without any problems.'Til this day, I still kick myself for not buying it when I had the chance to. The only thing I was able to do was to download this great game to my Wii from the Virtual Console service. All Nintendo fans, especially Metroid fans should check it out. The SNES had a great, great library of games and this one ranks up near the top.If you didn't play this game before, you should do what I did and it will only cost you $8. That's a bargain considering you will pay plenty more for the original cartridge. It is worth it either way so experience what other Metroid fans have already and see why this title was and is still remembered as an excellent SNES game. ********HIGHLY RECOMMENDED********.prediction:4
reviewText:You're Samus Aran on your third (and best) video game adventure as you return to the ruins of planet Zebes. A side-scroller second only to Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, Super Metroid can blast with the best of'em, with 7 massive areas, 5 different weapons, a grappling beam, x-ray vision (no, you cannot peak through her armor!), a swirly-swirl attack that enables Samus to soar through the air, a jumping ball-curl, tons of well-detailed underling anemies, and several excellently-detailed boss enemies. . . are you still with me? You go all the way from the surface of Zebes, through an abandoned space station and dark tunnels and lots of water, to the extremely hot pits of the planets core, where you fight the infamous Mother Brain. I'm not giving anything else away though. You have to play this plastic little gem yourself.Now for the bad stuff: like all her known previous adventures, Samus goes this one alone and, unlike the the Nintendo Power comic, does not interact with any other characters. This, in my opinion, can make the game feel kind of lonely, especially when there is also no sunshine to brighten the area.But like the ratings I gave it, this is a 5-star game and should be fun throughout the ages. Besides, it stars the arguably best (and best female) video game character to date. Go for it!!prediction:4
reviewText:Words cannot describe how blown away I was by this game when I played it for the first time at the tender age of about 8-10 years old. Being a huge fan of the original Metroid for NES (possibly the greatest game ever made, or equal to this one), I was frantic when I saw the commercial for this game on TV (Yep, I still vividly remember the commercial, even after all these years.) When i finally was able to purchase this game, I could barely handle the excitement. Sitting down and playing it, I was not the least disappointed. The graphics were amazing, the music atmospherically beautiful, and to be honest, I was completely captivated by the awesomeness of Samus's suit. I have played most of the great NES and SNES games, but none of them stand out in my memory as strongly as this one. I still remember getting stuck in Brinstar for a long time because I didn't know pressing "B" made the character run!!( this was the first game I ever played that had a run option, i believe). I vividly remember looking in the instruction booklet and anxiously awaiting finding the powerbombs. Anyway, this game is just great, so I'll break it down for you:Graphics-10/10 WOW...the graphics in this game were the best a console system had ever seen at the time. (I believe this came out before Mario RPG, Donkey Kong, and Chrono Trigger.). It was the first game to go beyond 16 bits and make it to 24 bits (amazing feat back then). The backrounds are great, and while in the Norfair stages the backround is wavey symbolizing the effects of the lava and extreme heat. The bosses are absolutely breathtaking, especially Kraid. Instead of the little itty-bitty Kraid that was in Metroid one, this one has been totally redone, and is bigger and badder than ever. Samus's suit looks great, and the weapons look awesome as well.Music-100,000/10 The music is absolutely beautiful and extraordinary. Hearing Brinstar's green theme for the first time was just amazing, and it is still stuck in my head. The more recent metroid game, "Metroid- Fusion" had a pretty low grade, techno-esque soundtrack, but this game is totally different. The music is often times somber and sad sounding, and often dark or mysterious. Every single levels song perfectly fits that area. The music for the Norfair area is quiet and dark sounding, fitting the darkness of the area, and the Maridia music is very eerie and brilliant, fitting for a water area. Definitely the greatest soundtrack ever for a video game, and even better than a lot of other music.Controls- 10/10 Controlling Samus is a breeze, anyone can do it. She stops moving when you take your hand off the buttons, and runs smoothly. You can also wall- jump among other things in this game. Like I said, this is one of, if not the first game to create the ability to run, which as small as it sounds is a great thing.Fun factor- 1,000,000/10...yep you read that right. There are plenty of power-ups to collect, among many other things such as missle containers and energy tanks. I've beaten this game probably 15-20 times, and it NEVER gets old. In fact, my SNES malfunctioned recently , deleating my Super Metroid file i had recently started. I was near the end of the game when it got deleted, but I still found myself playing it again without being bored or sick of it. In fact, I'm glad it got deleted, because now I can play through it again!!Seriously though, if you do not have this game you are missing out on the greatest video game ever created, and it isn't just for kids either, I'm 18 and i still love this game after 10 years. I would also recommend getting Prime, and the first Metroid. Zero Mission is also pretty good, but be aware it is extremely short, but still MUCH better than Fusion, which was a total let-down.prediction:4
reviewText:Super Metroid is commonly hailed as the greatest Super Nintendo game ever! Sure, it's graphics can't hold a candle up to Metroid Prime and it's story isn't quite as good as Metroid Fusion, but if you're gonna make a Metroid game you might as well do it right don't you think? What I mean is we want exploration while there's a good storyline in tact. Something that the two new Metroid games didn't put together. While Metroid Prime has great exploration it's story kind of sucks. While Metroid Fusion has a great storyline (probably the best in all the Metroid games thus far) you can't explore worth crap! But put them both together and you've got a Metroid classic! That my friends is Super Metroid!I remember playing the first Metroid game and it was an inspiration to me. It wasn't some linear path, you had to explore. Sure there's a lot of backtracking but if there wasn't then it wouldn't be called "Exploration" now would it?The storyline of Super Metroid is that the Metroid Hatchling Samus found at the end of her previous adventure, she left in the care of scientist. But that station came under attack and Samus finds that she must help. When she gets there she has a confrontation with Ridley who ends up flying away with the Metroid hatchling and Samus tracks him down to planet Zebes. This is a great storyline!Some landscapes look a lot like those of the original Metroid game but enhanced. Some abilities are even in the same spots! Still, that exploration is there and for that I was happy.  Instead of having a linear path to follow you can play the game at your own pace and find the power-ups how you want to find them.  Exploration in my opinion is what Metroid games are all about.As far as difficulty goes, this Metroid game is REALLY easy compared to the original NES one and the newer Metroid Prime.  It's about the same as Metroid Fusion, meaning that if you know how to take on something you'll undoubtably come out of nearly every confrontation without a scratch.I have only ONE gripe with this game. That is the default control settings.  Thank goodness Nintendo has allowed us to change them!  The default control scheme is TERRIBLE (using the X button to shoot?) and it's better that you can customize the controls.Now, as far as games go I think Super Metroid is one of the greatest games every made! It would be on my top ten list of the greatest games ever and I'm happy to have gotten the oppertunity to play this.If you want an example of how a Metroid game, let alone Action/Adventure then this is a great example! Super Metroid is without a doubt one of the greatest games ever made and I have to second the opinion on making it the greatest SNES game of all time!prediction:4
reviewText:Fourteen years ago, I began playing video games on a daily basis, ranging anywhere from the mindless first-person shooters to the more complex and enticing RPG's the world had to offer. I grew up with the classics, and now that I look back on those days, I'm proud I did. But there was one game, among them all, that triggered the gamer's flare within my heart. It was the first game I ever played by myself and finished at a young age, and it ranks as #3 on my Top 10 Best Games of All Time list. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the game that started it all for me: Illusion of Gaia!STORY: 10/10When I first played this game, I was far too young to truly understand everything that was going on, but when I turn on the game and play it nowadays, the story always manages to just nearly bring me to tears of joy. You take the role of a boy named Will, who lives in the town of South Cape with his grandma and grandpa. He intends to travel the world in search of his father, a famous explorer named Olman, who disappeared mysteriously after their expedition to the Tower of Babel. Through a series of misguided and unfortunate events, you end up thrown in jail and you have a spiritual conversation with your father, who tells you that the Comet, a star representing total destruction, is heading straight for the planet, and only with the power of the Mystic Statues can you hope to save the world from its untimely doom. If that wasn't enough to already have you hooked, you will be completely and thoroughly engaged into every single line of dialogue from every single character that you come across on your journey. Everybody has something of interest to say, and only a few times could I ever count the dialogue as forgettable. There are plot twists, moments of romance, and a seemingly endless supply of magic and wonder all wrapped up into this game's story, and it's an adventure I will gladly take up any time of any day, over and over again.GAMEPLAY: 10/10This beautiful game retains everything good about its predecessor, Soul Blazer, but makes everything more complex and even more challenging. Instead of the traditional level-up system found in almost every single RPG to date, you will become stronger after defeating every single enemy in any area you are currently in. When you defeat every monster, a jewel appears from the last monster destroyed that permanently increases one of your stats by 1 point. You have three stats--HP, Strength, and Defense--that can all be boosted, and the max HP you can have is 40. Combat is fast, fluid, and always intense; just as it should be. Not only that, later on in the game, you will be given the freedom to change into two separate forms that will grant you an entirely different set of abilities and powers: Freedan, a dark knight, and Shadow, the ultimate warrior born from the light of the Comet. Each character will learn unique skills that allow them to access new and expansive areas, and sometimes, it is absolutely vital in order to move on with the game. Also, there are these secret items in the game called Red Jewels, and there are 50 of them scattered all across the world. Collecting them and bringing them to the Jeweler Gem, a master of disguise in every area you visit, will grant you items, power ups, and even access to a secret dungeon. No matter where you turn, there's never a dull moment.PRESENTATION: 10/10Everything about this game is outstanding. Beautiful, even. From the development of each character to the unique and exciting areas you will travel to, this game will have you loving every single second of every minute you spend playing it. You'll travel the world, going to real-life locations like the Great Wall of China, the Ankor Wat, and even the Great Pyramids, in search of the Mystic Statues and any trace of your father. It's as if every single pixel used for the graphics of this game were given an untold amount of detail, and it shows tremendously well. The game isn't ridiculously difficult in any way, but it gradually gets more difficult as you get closer towards the end, just like any good game should do. It also retains the world map system that Soul Blazer did, being that all destinations can be selected by simply choosing them on the world map itself. Everywhere you go, there's always something new to discover or something left to do, even if it feels like nothing at all. The adventure itself just seems endless, in every kind of good way imaginable.MUSIC: 10/10What can I say about this game's soundtrack that I haven't already said about any other game I've reviewed? Well, to put it simply, anything. I can't even put words into describing how amazing this game's music is. Every track, whether big or small, is moving, sensational, and at times, emotionally enticing. Of all the games I've played that had amazing soundtracks, this is the one I always find myself humming or whistling to when I'm at work, or when I'm out doing anything at all. It's atmospheric. It's intense. There are only a few tracks that are reused, and even when they do, you can forgive them for doing so because they're simply beautiful. Every area of every town, city, village, or dungeon will have you instantly hooked to the music playing in the background, and it's an addiction I will never overcome.OVERALL RATING: 10/10There are very few games that will ever score a perfect rating with me, but with Illusion of Gaia, I can honestly say, from the bottom of my heart, that a perfect score is what it deserves. All this time later, I still find myself popping the game in, playing it from start to finish without stopping. It's an outstanding game that deserves all the praise you have for it, and I think that, with this review, I have done it justice. Rated as my 3rd best game of all time, Illusion of Gaia is an excellent and enticing adventure that you will not want to miss!prediction:4
reviewText:Gaie is one of the greatest RPG games i have ever played. You start as a young boy named Will and you set out on a journey to find your father. You soon aquire 2 more companions: a knight and a firey spirit dude. I would definently reccomend this game to any RPG and adventure game fan because this game has a deep storyline, cool bosses, challenging puzzles (especially the last one), fun side quests, and the gameplay is just fun. The only downside to this game is the last boss. She is a giant amazonian chick who is very, very, very hard. But after a couple hundred tries I eventually beat herprediction:4
reviewText:You begin as a boy, in a small town wanting to simply travel the world out of simple curiosity. You then travel the world (eventually finding two other souls to join you), pretty much going to the 7 wonders of the world, and beating monsters, solving puzzles and riddles with new skills you learn in your journey. Its a very good game for your brain. This game also spares you travel time of having to travel from point A to point B, by just having a map displaying where the heroes are going. No travel time is to make up for the fact that it is not always obvious what to do, so it may take you days to figure out simple puzzles. This an incredible game for learning purposes, as well as its fun gameplay much like the Zelda games (weapon, special item, run and map buttons). With that being said, the buttons are configured nothing like Zelda! It has a very disappointing configuration, but that's why it has a mode where you can configure your own buttons!prediction:4
reviewText:Rare became famous overnight once they developed, published and released Donkey Kong Country for the SNES in 1994. Nintendo had handed over to them a well known but dormant franchise at the time and using ACM graphics, this stunning game wowed anyone who played this title for the first time back then. It was considered state of the art for its time and it made owning an SNES console even better.In Donkey Kong Country, you control Donkey Kong and his sidekick Diddy and set off to get back Donkey's Kong most prized possession: his banana hoard. King K Rool, the main villain and his army of animals, have taken over the island and to defeat him, you must travel through 6 worlds filled with stages and then confront King Rool on his pirate ship. There are many ways to earn extra lives and some of the local friendly animals lend DK and Diddy a hand from time to time. In addition to completing the stages, there are many secret rooms scattered through most of the stages just waiting to be discovered. In the one player game, you control both characters. In the 2 player game, you and another player can play together cooperatively. In the 2 player contest, you and another player take turns in playing the game. When you reach a certain character in each world, you are allowed to save your progress.The PROS: This game blew away gamers back in the 90's and it's one of the few retro games where it has aged well. A side scrolling platform game starring one of Nintendo's recognizable characters meant it was going to be a good time for all and it was. Thanks to the awesome graphics, sounds and music plus tongue in cheek humor, each themed world is filled with stages brimming with enough variety to keep it fun. To cram it all in into a cartridge is a remarkable achievement as nothing was sacrificed. It's fun by yourself and when you bring in another person and the game is hard enough to challenge you but not overwhelm you at the same time. Adding hidden areas and secrets gave it more replay value.The CONS: Nothing. It's a perfectly balanced game.The Donkey Kong Country trilogy began with this crowning achievement. This game sold millions and gathered praise and critical success and there was good reason for it. Thanks to the success of this game, Rare released two sequels and they too have sold well. If you haven't tried this game out yet, you're not out of luck. You can either try to get this game (new or used) or you can download this off the Virtual Console service for the Nintendo Wii for 800 points ($8.00.) It was well worth it then and it is still a great game to play today. Get this game.prediction:4
reviewText:I absolutely love the Donkey Kong Country series.  They all have a great soundtrack, wonderful graphics, and are somewhat difficult-but very enertaining.  This DKC is great because the two characters really balance each other out (one is more for stregnth, the other speed) and it really sets the standard for the other two.  The only con about this game is that I like having to search for the DK coins (like in DKC 2 & 3).  It makes the game more challenging and keeps you entertained longer.  Other than that, I really enjoy this game, and would recommend this to anyone.prediction:4
reviewText:What else can i say about this 16 bit CLASSIC?  It always reminds me of great Christmas memories as Nintendo always seemed to release the 3 SNES DKC games near winter.  And these games being my main gift was always a definite treat.  I was so hyped up for DKC after the Nintendo Power VHS I received in the mail.  I can still remember playing it and being BLOWN sway!!  To this day, a CLASSIC!  The graphics, music, & gameplay still blow my mind.  Still hoping for that proper sequel.  DKCReturns for Wii is cool...but i'd LOVE a real sequel to DKC3prediction:4
reviewText:Donkey Kong Country really pushed the limits of what the SNES could do. The graphics were very ahead of their time. I don't normally rate graphics, but this game gets points just because it had 3-d textures and characters in a 2-side scroller, which was a first for games back then. Also, the sound design in this game is great. Each sound is clear, and you can easily distinct the step of one of those fat brown dudes with the green army helmets from the sound of a crocodile's mouth opening and closing. This game is loads of fun, with two characters who you can switch between depending on what the situation calls for. There are tons of secrets to find, and riding around on the animals is an experience a true gamer could never forget. This game serves up great challenge without getting too hard. The levels in this game are brilliantly designed, and make for deeply addictive gameplay. If you like this one, check the second and third one also, as the series builds on its weak points as well as its strong points, making for great, well rounded gameplay in all of the games.prediction:4
reviewText:Aside from this game having great graphics, it's fun playing with two people, and cool being able to tag the other person in while the other follows. Player one is usually Donkey Kong, player 2 is Diddy Kong, and you travel through the jungle to defeat the Kremlings and take back your banana hoard! You can even ride animals to get you through obstacles faster. I haven't gotten too far, but (although it gets a little frustrating at times) the game is very fun and one of the best games for the SNES.prediction:4
reviewText:In a world where there were CDs, companies like Sega and 3DO had tried to capitalize on the concept of playing video games on a CD, giving the games enhanced graphics and sound. There is one company, however, named Nintendo, and it created Donkey Kong Country. Donkey Kong Country was a game that proved that you don't need CD-based technology to make games with flashy graphics. You just need to put in effort to fit it to your console.DKC's graphics were incredible on the Super Nintendo. The game almost looked like the characters came from a CGI movie. At least, at its time. Even the backgrounds had tons of details and neat movements.The sounds and music were memorable. Even when you defeat a Kremling (alligator enemy), his voice effect when he dies will always be remembered for a long time. As for the music, well, you can never go wrong with the sweet beats of Kongo Jungle and the King K. Rool boss battle.The game is one of those games that show the characters on a map before actually going into the levels. Once you go to a level, you're gonna be expecting barrel-blasting, Kremling-smashing, animal-romping fun! There is a lot to do in Donkey Kong Country. As a platformer, it doesn't disappoint with its gameplay. You can even ride atop an Animal Buddy, like a rhino or an ostrich. Rhinos can knock everybody out of its way, while the Ostrich guides you safely across the level. It can also float in the air like Racoon Mario in Super Mario Bros 3. The entire game is a bunch of fun.The multiplayer is pretty cool, too. While you can't REALLY play co-op like in the new DKC game that's out on Wii, your friend can cover in for you if you die. One player plays as Donkey Kong, and the other plays as Diddy Kong. Once one player is participating in the action, the other player can't really do anything. But if that one player dies or presses Select, then it's time for the second player to play. You can also compete against each other.To save, you must reach Candy's Save Point. Personally, I wish they added a save anytime kind of feature. But that is a minor complaint.Overall, this is a really great Super NES gem. It's worth the money. Even if you don't have a Super Nintendo, it's also out for Game Boy Advance and Game Boy Color. Oh, and Wii Virtual Console too....prediction:4
reviewText:It's hard to rate a game like Donkey Kong Country, which sold chiefly on the novelty of its computer-rendered graphics back in 1994. There's still a solid platforming design underneath the flash, but it's a pretty easy romp compared to Nintendo's Mario titles. This is especially appearant now that the game is over a decade old(!) and the flash no longer holds up as well on the GBA port.Still Rareware really did an excellent job, and their success here propelled the company to a strong supporting role on the Nintendo 64. Gameplay is on the easy side, but the levels are still a blast to play through. There are lots of varied environments and things to see, with no dull moments in sight. A fitting memorable soundtrack adds to the experience. Plus, Donkey Kong Country revitalized one of Nintendo's dormant characters, taking him from a pixelated barrel-throwing ape to a rendered, barrel-throwing ape with attitude.Overall there's a great experience here, just one that's a bit on the easy side. The two sequels ramp up the difficulty level considerably, and together the games form a fine trilogy on the SNES.prediction:4
reviewText:1995 seemed to be a great year for a gamer. The Donkey Kong Country series went portable with DK Land, Rayman was a surprise full of perfection, and Vectorman appealed to Sega Genesis players with its colorful pre-rendered graphics that DKC had done. All of these games were great, but Yoshi's Island was the best of all. While Rayman would have been my favorite game of all time, it suffered from the most extreme difficulty EVER. Yoshi's Island has amazing graphics, catchy sound/music, awesome gameplay, AND forgiving difficulty alike.This is not the average Mario game, but rather is it what fans would call a Yoshi game, since it plays a lot differently. As Yoshi, you romp through levels like usual, but now you can throw eggs at enemies, as well as eat enemies to make eggs. There is also a huge variety of obstacles, like boulders, loads of unique platforms, collectible flowers, the enemies doing all kinds of stuff, etc, etc. But the thing is: It is all well-crafted and carefully put together for one of the ultimate platforming experiences. Don't believe me? Go on some video websites and watch some gameplay footage. One look and you'll agree that it looks beyond terrific.There are also some bonuses in the game to help you on your quest to defeat the evil Bowser Jr. For example, there are small houses that you may possibly find in a level (It requires a key, though). Once you are able to enter in, you must compete with an enemy in a certain challenge (Collect most coins, Pop most balloons, etc). There's also bonus challenges when the goal chooses a flower you had collected (In a roulette-like way).Overall, it's definitely one of the greatest platformers I have ever played. I may prefer Super Mario World as the best of all, but this game certainly comes close to winning that title.prediction:4
reviewText:I find it odd that I would give this game a higher overall rating than fun rating, but I feel it's appropriate.This game is beautifully made, with excellent graphics, levels, and play control.  You can't ask for anything more.The only problem with the game is it's too easy to beat.  This doesn't make the game any worse, it just makes it less fun.  Fortunately, even long after you beat the game, you can go back through it and try to get a score of 100 on as levels many as you can.  It's an extraordinary challenge that I have yet to complete, even after years and years.I never was a big fan of collecting coins though, so I'd rather just go through the game again and beat all of the levels once more than worry about a score.  Still, whether you like beating levels or collecting coins, this game has something for everybody.  I highly recommend at least a rental.prediction:4
reviewText:Donkey Kong has been kidnapped by K. Rool again. However, Diddy Kong is left behind, but is he alone in this quest? Nope, with the help from Dixie Kong, both Kongs are off to save Donkey Kong and beat K. Rool again!I must say that this game is even more enjoyable than the first of the series, and the 1st Donkey Kong Country is already a classic. Dixie Kong has some special abilities she has to offer here. When she twirls her hair, she can defeat the baddies and also glide in the air. A new feature for the series!Another new feature is the Kong Throwing method, in which you can team up both Diddy and Dixie and use it to grab out-of-reach items and platforms (you must have both Kongs in order to use it, though).Your animals buddies also increase, with the help of a springy snake and a web-making spider. Squawks, Rambi, and Enguarde also come back, better than ever!The music and the graphics are excellent. Again, Rareware's production make the 16-bit look improved, and the soundtrack is just as great as the first.Overall, if you are looking for a masterpiece of an SNES game, put in Donkey Kong Country 2 and prepare to play with the chimps.prediction:4
reviewText:If it weren't for that stupid kid's negative review, the overall score would be a perfect 5. Looks like he's afraid of the challange. He's also scared of the music. I hate kid's reviews...Graphics:10/10: A beautiful feast for the eyes. The graphics look better than the first!Music:10/10: Great music! From the pirate-y music in the first world, to the spooky tune of Gloomy Gulch.Sound:10/10: Just gotta love Diddy's monkey rap!Gameplay:10/10: This time, you got Diddy and Dixie. They can now team-up and find secrets! You can also look for coins and get things such as hints, lost levels, or making Cranky like you!:) There is also a quiz from Swanky! You can save at the Kong Kollege, but make sure you carry some banana coins!Overall, better than the first. Also, this game is going to be rereleased for the GBA later on! Buy it!prediction:4
reviewText:Omg this was the highlight of my life.  I remember getting this for Christmas one year and i was too little to understand it...i never got past the hammer bros...but as i got older i began to understand how things worked and i was blown away.  The amazing story, The amazing graphics, all the characters and enemies, all the worlds to explore...some of my favs were monstro town, booster tower, nimbus land, etc.  its just a dream...i keep waiting for the day for them to make a sequel to this one.  the others mario rpgs just dont compare to this one.  its a masterpiece.  theres also a lot of humor in this game...id have to say the funniest enemies are the axem rangers, i loved the power rangers also as a kid and i busted out laughing when i saw this.  Another thing i loved about this game were all the secrets.  I dont think i ever found them all, but i did find the casino and the lazy shell among others...i think the only way to beat culex is with the lazy shell or the star egg which i never had, if someone can do it without any of these things id love to see it.  i never got the 50 jump thing, which i think youd need so kid of cheat to do that bc its near impossible.  i have absolutely no complaints about this game other than they need a sequel.  if you love mario or rpgs.  buy this game immediately, though i couldnt imagine you not already knowing about this game if you love either one of those things.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the best RPG's, one of the best Mario games, or any video game on any system, ever.  It stands the test of time and has the best of both worlds w/nintendo and SS.Graphics-5/5,similiar to DKC, very vivid, great battle effects.Play Control-5/5, extremely simple, just walk around, touch a bad guy, and press some buttons.  However, some attacks require some button pushing, which is a blast.Game Design-5/5, the world is huge, there is tons to do, and don't forget about Culex.Satisfaction-6/5, you'll be stuck to your controller for weeks.  Words cannot expresses how awsome this game is.Sound-5/5 classic Mario Tunes, and great final fantasy-ish music also. kudos to the big N and Square Soft.The Good- I'll be a geezer if I say everything.The Bad- The game itself is flawless, but you may get hooked, spend full time on it, and pull your hair for some sections.  For long sesssions, take a break within a few hours, drink some coffee, and listen to Beatles music to clear your head.(Insert Sitcom-like laughtrack.)The Funny- Bowser and Booster Kissing. LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Super Mario RPG is a somewhat overrated game that's very fun to play. Calling it the best game on the system is pretty dumb, though, because Mario World beats all the other games. The combat system isn't perfect, with a few minor flaws and one major flaw: guarding against enemies is a pain to deal with! The timing for guarding is difficult to learn and sometimes seems impossible. The minor flaws are in the menu. It's not quite as good as what you see in later Mario RPG's. Also, I don't see why people think the story and characters are so great. Paper Mario 2 did way better in that category. I thought the way the characters were portrayed was annoying. The story line is just a little bit insulting to the Mario series too, just a little bit. Other than those things, it's a great big adventure that will keep you busy and entertain even the least patient (as in getting bored with a game as quickly as possible) people for at least two weeks.Presentation- 72/100Gets the job done, but it's not impressive.Graphics- 93/100Sound- 80.5/100It's great, and it would've gotten a 92/100 if it weren't so repetitive!Gameplay- 84.5/100Replay Value- 94/100It won't be long before you play it again.Overall- 86/100prediction:4
reviewText:I remember playing this game over and over again when I was little. I had a blast with it! I couldn't put it down. I kept on playing and playing because it was just that damn good and the replay value was off the charts. It had a great story line, great characters, easy/fun battle system, and plenty of hidden items to find.This game actually introduce me to the world of JRPG, which I had never played before. I say anyone wanting some easy introduction to the JRPG genre, will love this thing. From then on I would go on to more harder and more complex JRPG but I still remember my Super Mario RPG days. Wow, awesome game! They don't make them like this game more, but I wish they did.prediction:4
reviewText:My mom bought this for me for my birthday when I was turning 10. It comes with the only Donkey Kong 64 which is probably the biggest platform game of Nintendo 64. It has great graphics and the music matches each world perfectly. I love how you have to use each of the 5 characters to beat the level instead of just picking your favorite. Each character brings different strengths to the table and have different weapons, moves, and instruments. The boss battles are clever and creative and the final battle against King K. Rool is one of the best in all of video games.Not only does the game come with Donkey Kong 64 but it also comes with the Expansion Pack, a green controller, and 2nd best system of all time, the Nintendo 64 and all its cables. I got mine in from Best Buy and it also came with the strategy guide. This was a steal then and now if you can find it it is probably an even better deal.prediction:4
reviewText:I am just as aware as anyone that people do not base their opinions of popular videogames on intelligent scripting, intelligent plot, intelligent substance, and intelligent thinking, so no one has to remind me.  If they did, this "Colony Wars" never would've left a single draft.First of all, I too respect the abilities of developers of Psygnosis as much as anybody, and I would like to describe that respect, but I feel I have to say my piece about this game and come to my point.There isn't a single idea in this game that isn't founded on generic thinking, the thievery of other games, and on movie cliche's.  There isn't one single idea based in science fiction, unlike its other competitor, "Darklight Conflict," the true hero here, a little-known and original game released by Electronic Arts (EA) before "Colony Wars" was conceived.  "Darklight Conflict" was a space-shooter, and the gameplay idea for "Colony Wars" merely replicated that game.Here's the story of "Colony Wars": "You are a militant fighter pilot in space on the side of the rebel alliance who is trying to force the evil Emporer to his senses by shooting up his armies," or so says the narrational voice of an actor that sounds exactly just like James Earl Jones (the voice of Darth Vader) during the full-motion videos (FMVs) which were made by the same company who did special effects for "Independence Day."  Sounds like a direct, word-for-word copy of the plot of "Star Wars."Here're the ideas of "Colony Wars": Large firey explosions even if they don't really exist in space because fire needs oxygen to exist and space has no atmosphere.  Black holes even if they don't exist as large red whirlpools in the middle of space backgrounds because their gravity is so intense, light cannot escape.  Spaceships even though they don't have wings like planes because there is no atmospheric friction to enable control using aero parts.  Also, they don't make loud rumbling noises when they pass by the camera lense because sound needs atmosphere.  Here, you get a future of imperialistic humans warring over the colonization and liquidation of the rest of the planetary systems in the universe for purposes of natural resources.  The mission and battle drill instruction voice is male, but it is okay for a female to narrate if limited to talking about other subjects like the options menus.  "Space cowboys" does not make science fiction, only unoriginal action games captivating non-thinkers.Here's the story of EA's "Darklight Conflict":  You are a Top Gun pilot in the middle of a dogfight when suddenly a beam of light surrounds you.  When you awake, you are in a completely foreign environment.  You realize your arms and legs have been replaced with some kind of tentacles that are biologically grafted to what appears as the console of a space vehicle.  A voice speaks in English to you, but it is not the voice of any human.  You have been inducted into the army of an alien race in the midst of interplanetary war to help defend their losing side, which is why they recruited you with your expert fighter pilot experience.  Their vessels are signified by a symbol, a four-fingered hand.  At first, you will begin with training.  The small fighterships are oval, with fins protruding from what could be their sides.  The weaponry is a variety involving weird plasma cannons.  Your ship uses an electromagnetic field to shield itself, but it consumes a great deal of energy.  You venture through the wormhole warps, and should carefully avoid the radiation waves that usurp your vessel energy during the travel.Even the name "Darklight Conflict" is science fiction.  I could connect some of the premise of the game with the old sci-fi film "This Island Earth", but not much of its premise.  In that movie, a group of scientists are helping an alien race that appear about human, so the scientists don't find out they're aliens immediately.  When they do, the aliens take them to their planet and the alien commander tells them their planet is being overrun by another planet's race, and they recruited Earth's best scientists to come up with new and advanced technology to help them survive the invasion.  Their enemies soon destroy the planet, but the ship has enough energy to return the scientists to Earth.  After their safe return, the aliens drive their ship into the sea, never to be heard from again.But, who remembers stuff like that?prediction:4
reviewText:I consider the original Wipeout for Sony Playstation to be the finest fururitic racer ever (yes, I like it better than any incarnation of F-Zero). From the gorgeous visuals and multiple lighting scenes for every level (Vemom and Rapter Classes), to the awesome, awesome, AWESOME soundtrack (my favorite soundtrack of any racing ever), Wipeout was perfect. But many people don't agree with me. They prefer Wipeout's sequel, Wipeout XL. It's easy to see why.Wipeout XL takes what everyone loved about the original and upped it a notch. The graphics are higher Resolution, the music is more upbeat, the weapons are more lethal. But perhaps the greatest reason to play it is that it's REALY FAST. There is simply no experience on earth like playing Wipeout XL on Phantom Class (the fastest class) with the hidden class of ship (unforetunately it loses weapons in exchange for maxed-out stats).When you play this game in this configuration, it truly is sublime. Weapons are fired at you, but you outrun them. You're bouncing off the wall like crazy, but going so fast it feels like you've got the speed burst weapon on continuous fire. It's easy to see what makes this game so great. It's a great concept executed flawlessly. You have great art direction, great controls, great gameplay, and great music. At a pace so fast it should carry a warning label.If you love racing games, and especially if you love Wipeout, you'll HAVE to buy this game.prediction:4
reviewText:the original sonic.  i did not buy my game from amazon but the quality from the early 90's is good.  the missions are great and challenging been a few years that i have played my game though.  this is one of the games that helped Sega to run strong enough.  this is worth the price a collectable here.prediction:4
reviewText:Once again, you just sort of had to have lived back then to understand the rivalry between Sega and Nintendo.Nintendo had Mario but then Sega launched their own mascot Sonic.And man did Sonic deliver a different experience than Mario.Super fast game play.Unbelievable graphics.Simply but enjoyable game play that kept you coming back for more and more and like Mario has kept me coming back twenty years later.One of the best games platformer or otherwise.All these years later the feuds have changed.Nintendo won the war and is presently handing Sony and Microsoft their butts on a silver platter.Rivalries that helped sell enormous amounts of games back then and now.What can I say, rivalries are fun.All that aside.My beloved Sega may not be in the consol wars anymore but they have left a positive and enjoyable legacy and continue to do so if the new Sonic coming out is any indication.Yes folks, like Street Fighter, Mario and Mortal Kombat...Sonic is also going back to 2d.Gotta love that nostalgia....Sonic the Hedgehog?Incredible 16 bit graphics.Timeless game play.A must play.Highly recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:I'll never forget the christmas of 1992, when I was the happiest six-year-old kid on my street, unwrapping my spiffy new Sega Genesis, and holding two new games: this, and Sonic 2. What fun gameplay and memories I was in for...As everyone and their mother knows, Sonic 1's plot is that the evil Dr. Robotnik is not only capturing many small innocent animals and turning them into evil robots, but plans to take over Mobius (their planet) and turn it from forests and clean air to factories and smelly air (I'll spare you the New Jersey joke). It is now up to Sonic to defeat Robotnik and make everything right again.Although Sonic 2 remains my favorite, this is without a doubt a close second. I know the graphics may seem somewhat dated today, but for 1991, this was pretty damn good. Bright, vibrant colors, and great atmosphere (love the city skyline in Star Light Zone). It goes from a bright, sunny atmosphere (Sun Light Zone) to a big industrial factory (Scrap Brain). Along the way, there are various icons that Sonic can smash open, and each one has a special power that Sonic can use to his benefit; 10 rings, super speed, temporary invincibility, a shield, and the holy grail of them all: the 1-up. The game also has catchy music. Okay, it's 2004 now, and we can hear actual bands in our games, but back then, we had video game music, and it was good and easy to tune out if need be. Also, in this game, you must collect 7 chaos emeralds in these weird, spinning worlds, and defeat robot enemies by jumping on them.It's a fun, classic game that brings back lots of memories for me (I remember how great it felt to finally get to the next zone). IT NEEDS TO BE RELEASED ON CD-ROM! Come on Sega, get cracking!Oh, and don't think I'm insulting New Jersey or anything. I was born there so there you go.prediction:4
reviewText:this was the game that made Sega win the 16 bit console wars. its not about how many colors the console has, or the 3D capabilities, not even the # of buttons. its appearance, and how you treat your customers. and Sega treated theirs well.I still miss the company. and a awesome sequel with several more just make him more classic. Hihgly recommend this game to anyone big or small.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is awesome Sonic the hedgehog is the best game that started a series of great games.u play as a small blue hedgehog called Sonic and u battle a villian called Doctor Ivo Robotnick who turned all the little woodlen creatures into robot minions as Sonic u must defeat Dr Robotnick and save the woodlen creatures.Sonic has speed 1 thing that makes things go faster there are items unlike mario u collect ring when u have 100 rings u get an extra life, there is the shield which can allow u to take an extra hit and still have rings. when u get hit with no rings u die with rings you can still play, extra lives there is a box with sonic's face in it that gives u extra lives. there is a box with a ring in it hit that and u get 10 rings at the end of a zone there is a giant ring when u have 50 rings there u can go to a special stage where u can get the six chaos emeralds which do nothing but make a better ending.Sonic the hedgehog has great music sound effects and great gameplay this game was so awesome they made a sequel to this game thats better but this one in my book is a 10/10 for the sega genesis.prediction:4
reviewText:It is the first so no tales or knuckles in this version,plus no charging ur roll and the one i received said mot for resale right on the front but did come in origonal box and almost mint in takes the collector value away:(prediction:4
reviewText:Streets Of Rage is what I can say is 1 of the many many reasons that sold me on getting a Sega Mega Drive or as we know it Genesis. The 16 bit era I love it cause you had 2 companies putting out great games. As a genre Beat Em Ups are my favorite. The Genesis had plenty of them. Streets Of Rage among us 90's gamer's is 1 of Sega's best known franchises along with Sonic. In the late 80's & early 90's crime, drugs & gang violence was heavy in the news & video game companies were ready to cash in on the fear. In 1989 Capcom had a Beat Em Up called Final Fight also that same year Sega had The Genesis coming out a 16 Bit System & Sega was set to port a lot of Arcade Games on it cause early on The Genesis titles had arcade ports that looked good. Capcom was in with Nintendo so no Final Fight for Sega although it was ported to The Sega CD 4 years later. Sega was like well we will go for our own Beat Em Up Which I am happy for cause Streets Of Rage was better than The SNES port of Final Fight I'll admit while The SNES looks better the port of Final Fight on SNES has no Guy & if you wanted to play as Guy you had to buy another cartridge there's no 2 player & you know if you have a friend over at your house or a family member having a 2nd player adds to the fun. The music in the SNES port sounds like it belongs in a G @ y p or n flick. If you have a Sega Genesis Arcade stick then that adds more to it. The story is simple & straight forward dealing with a city that's been turned into a war zone he'l l hole by a crime syndicate lead by a guy named Mr X. This group of Detectives or Undercover Cops or whatever they are named Adam Hunter, Axel Stone & Blaze Fielding they can't get any help to deal with the rising crime cause The Police Department is corrupt. So they're going to put a stop to it. When you 1st start the game you'll notice some good music in the game the composer Yuzo Koshiro made it sound like this city needs to be saved. You have options if you want to do any cheats or change the difficulty. You can get a cheat where you can have 7 lives you have 3 continues when you run out of lives & continues it's game over. I usually play as Adam cause cause he has great fighting style he has a really good jump kick & back attack. Axel in this game just gets his a * * kicked a lot unlike in part 2. His punch & kick combos are fine. His jump attack is lame & his back attack is lame too. Blaze is pretty good in this game however Axel & Blaze were improved in part 2. You have 8 levels where you go through & fight your basic punks & these biker looking dudes. In level 1 You have these whip chicks Bosses are pattern based the boss in the 1st level is this guy with a Boomernge if you get too close he will kick you. You have to use jump attacks or grab him & attack him. He's not really a challenge like later bosses like the obese guy on bridge or The Blaze Clones in level 5. The music is good in level 1 really gets you ready to go through the rest of the game. Level 2 is a bad area of the city you have more of the same goons plus kung fu guys & the appearance of an axe wielding Clown these guys do become annoying the boss is this game that has these Freddy Kruger like claws you have to grab him & attack him. Or if you got a Bat or steel pipe you can stand in front of him & when he comes to you just swing the weapon at him. When you attempt a lock up you'll have to do it from the side & not in front of him him cause he will just claw you up. If you need to use a special attack then you can call on back up where they will fire a bazooka & that will take down a lot of the bosses health. You also have to deal with thugs joining in during this boss fight. Great track in level 2 it just captures the mood of this urban area. Round 3 has an excellent track the enemies stay about the same their clothes might be a different color & take more hits to defeat. The boss looks like The Ultimate Warrior all you have to do is back him up at the end of the screen keep jump kicking him over & over & he's not much of a problem. Round 4 is on this bridge that's under construction which you can knock thugs into holes & you won't have to worry about them any more. You can also be thrown down the pit too & lose a life so you have to be careful. The boss of level 4 is an obese guy he can be hard he breaths fire too the best method is to keep pressing the B button punching him but don't do a combination if you lock him up don throw him cause he's too heavy & he will land on you just press B & don't use the D pad. He can be a pain cause he does get help from punks that want to join in. If have to use a special attack go ahead then on level 5 you're on some ship you go through the basic punks & The Ultimate Warrior decides to show back up & you can use the same attack method you used in level 3. Plus you get a fun challenge as more & more enemies appear on screen. You get an extra special attack you'll need it for the 2 Blaze clones. If it's your 1st time there not so gentle they'll knock you down or German Suplex you. As Adam I just stand & do my back attack. See what made The 8 & 16 Bit Era's so unique was that not very many people heard of the internet so the only way to find out about cheats or tips to beating a level was for to either buy a book or a friend tells you how or shows you what to do & that way was actually more fun instead of going online & it's all there. Leavel 6 is this factory it's not too hard although that obese boss from level 4 is back put watching punks get hit with The Industrial Press is still fun to this day. The boss is 2 of those tall Freddy Claw bosses from level 2 it's pretty much the same strategy but with 2 of them you get more of a fun challenge. You do get another special attack so you can call on back up twice like in level 5 so there is that. Level 7 is classic cause you're on this lift facing off with warriors, thugs & whip chicks. You can toss them to their death off the lift you can even call for back up which is a wtf moment cause how did this Cop Car get on a ship in a factory & can shoot a bazooka from below you & somehow gets to the lift is it a guided rocket or who cares it's fun game. You only get 1 special attack per life rarely do you get 2 there is no boss on level 7 it's straight into a lobby to go after Mr X. The game has a great soundtrack level 8 is just perfect cause it fits with The Mob. You have to fight all the various punks, warriors, bikers & whip ladies. You face all 5 bosses again & you can't call for back up instead you have to rely on what you learned about their attack patterns. I usually died here until I got good at the game. I am sure a lot of died on level 8. 1 reason is that you fight all 5 bosses again meaning you get to fight The Blaze Clones again I don't have a huge problem beating as Adam as Blaze it's not too bad but as Axel I just get owned he's pretty sub par in this game.  Then you face Mr X The Syndicate Boss. He wants you to join his gang this introduces another ending you can have a good ending or bad ending but of course just tell him no you fight off his goons then you face Mr X where he 2 goons helping him he runs around firing a Tommy Gun & he will smack you up the head with it. You have to use jump attacks if you get the steel pipe try using it on him. If you lock him up go for a German Suplex. When you beat him you get a well deserved ending with some great music by Yuzo Koshiro. Streets Of Rage came out as a Final Fight knock off but I felt it was better than The SNES port cause you got great tunes with SOR 2 players you didn't have to buy a 2nd cartridge to play as another character. Gameplay is solid for the most part the only bad part is when you are punching an enemy if you're striking 1st the enemy will hit you 1st enemies don't have meters except the bosses & when you face them again those bosses don't have a health meter. If you have an old Genesis laying around & don't have Streets Of Rage then get it it's cheap. There's various Sega collections on The PS3 & X BOX 360 & PS2. But everything was improved with Streets Of Rage 2 which will be my next review.prediction:4
reviewText:This is where it all began! One of the greatest Genesis series ever was the Streets Of Rage games. This game is very fun and challenging at the same time, and with its varying levels of diffuclty you can make it either really easy or hair rippin possibly impossible lol. Anyways you can start off as either of the two classic characters in this game Axel Stone, or Blaze Fielding, and you can also use some dude named Adam, who didn't make any other appearences in the series. While this might be the first in the series the moves list for the characters is still pretty impressive. All the characters have their own combos, grappling tactics, team attacks are possible, deffensive attacks, and also each character uses weapons differently. 1 thing that is unique in this game that is not seen in the others is that you can call for some back up! If the punks literally start kickin your A$$ you can call this Police Car that looks like a Civic CRX (which adds to the retro feel and makes it great) and the dude in the ride shoots up all the enemies on screen. This game is a very good length its not to short but its also not to long. I do like the Streets of Rage games that came out later, probably more so. Though this game is a true classic that influenced many games of this genre.prediction:4
reviewText:You know the story - Mr. X takes over the city in attempt to govern it with anarchy and destruction. But four friends team up to stop him and his syndicate, even if it means fighting the mean streets...of rage.As the second installment in the three-part series, Streets of Rage 2 does not disappoint in the least. After playing the first one for awhile and returning to the second, I realize how much better the fight system is here, the intellect of the foes, the scenery, items, points, specials, pickups, and the introduction of three and four-part levels - it's all a serious improvement.In the first Streets of Rage, there was generally one side-scrolling scene per level, and the boss was at the end of the road/ship/room/whatever. Streets of Rage 2 beefs it up by having sub-bosses at the end of each scene, but yet amazingly they seem to keep the perfect balance of difficulty and entertainment so that you're neither bored nor frustrated.The introduction of the self-sufficient special system is nice, because if you bump the "A" button, the cops don't immediately come running to shoot a rocket while you're fighting one Galsia. At the very most you'll incur a little damage but sweep the floor with whoever's around you.Easily, out of all of the Streets of Rage titles, #2 is the most satisfying and rewarding to play. In elementary, I played this game through probably 60 or 70 times and still find it just as entertaining. That's replay value.If you haven't yet, pick this one up.prediction:4
reviewText:Streets Of Rage 2 is 1 of those games that showed what The Genesis-Mega Drive could pull off graphically & sound wise. I had already played Streets Of Rage 1 to death that I had borrowed from a Family Member I was unaware of the sequels but I happened to see it at K Mart that was going out of business in my area back in 1995 My Grandma got this  bought it for me along with Legend Of Zelda A Link To The Past on SNES. When I was about 13 I was an idiot & sold my model 2 Genesis with a lot of the games. I still have The SNES games anyway 6 years ago I got a Sega Genesis Streets Of Rage 1 & 2 was 1 of the reasons that I really wanted a Genesis again. Anyway Streets Of Rage 2 came out in late 1992 basically it got all the good critical notices & the general public liked it too. Axel & Blaze come back Adam has been kidnapped by Mr X who was broken out of prison by Shiva a new character that's a right hand man for Mr X & he's a fairly difficult boss no matter what difficulty you're playing on. Mr X has captured Adam Hunter he has a younger brother named Eddie who goes by "Skate" cause he's on these Roller Blades. He found the house tore up Axel & Blaze find a photo of Mr X pi  s  s in  g on Adam. 1 of Axel's Friends Max a Professional Wrestler has joined in to find Adam. From there it's 8 levels of beating up bad guys. Plus each level has different sections. Axel & Blaze's fighting skills have been greatly improved The Cop Car special attack is gone each character has their own special move. Axel has various uppercuts like there's flaming uppercut if you press A if you press forward & A you hit multiple uppercuts & if you press forward forward B you pull off a move called Grand Upper. The Grand Upper does't cause you to lose health so I use it more than the A button attacks. Blaze has some pretty good moves too like projectile a back flip kick & she has a forward forward B attack that doesn't cause any health to lower too it's an overhead move where she uses the same projectile. Max is just brutal he will overpower just about enemy he has powerbombs, German Suplex's & an atomic drop. The music the redone Streets Of Rage theme has this dark & gritty start to it & it works with the opening. Round 1 the music is great gets ready to get through this game. You have to fight your basic punks & these new black gangsters that I call black Doug Funny. There's yellow jacket Mowhawk thugs. Biker's & these knife wielding punks with ripped jeans & leather vests. The characters & enemies on the screen all look detailed & better graphically the game looks really good & better than 1st. If I didn't mention it each level has different sections you can into a bar the whip chicks are back this time they look nice & sl  u  tt y instead of The S&M outfits like in part 1. The Boss Barbon isn't too hard you can back him up into a corner & administer a beating using The B attack or a Grand Upper as well you can do a multiple uppercut attack. As Blaze I can beat him by just backing him in the corner & using her overhead move. I have never played through as Skate in this game or part 3. As Max I just overpower Barbon. Round 2 your on this bridge that's under construction with a great tune. You have Biker's trying to run you over & it's fun knocking them off the motorcycles. You can crack some melon's with a steel pipe. There's a 2nd section which is on a bus where you're introduced to a Samuri you fight off a flock of Biker's. The 3rd section if another part of the bridge under construction. The Boss is a guy on a jet pack I just use jumping attacks & if I can use use a flaming uppercut then I will throw that in. Round 3 is at an Amusement Park which is a really fun level 1st you start outside fight off some punks then you go into this Arcade where these punks are playing Bare Knuckle which is what this game is called the 3rd section is in this back room then the 4th section is on this Pirate Ship you have the introduction of these Ninja's they're annoying cause they jump around throw you on your a  *  * or knock you down. I use a couple of punches & a Grand Upper which knocks a lot of health off of them if not taking them out period. The 5th section is back outside the 6th section is this Alien House which is kind of cool very good music I just can't put over The Streets Of Rage 2 soundtrack enough I mean the music for round 3 is great the music they use on the bus in level 2 & Pirate Ship in round 3 isn't bad. The Boss in round 3 is the Freddy Kruger Claw Boss from the 1st game only he's provides a fun challenge & is a Blanka knock off. You have to rely on jumping attacks & special moves sometimes I get lucky cause there's these egg looking things that explode when you hit them & that will knock some of there health off. The 4th level is at this Baseball Stadium the 1st section starts off outside then your in this stadium in the 2nd section of the level & I don't know if it's me but it seems more enemies show up on screen in the later levels not that it matters it just adds to the game for me. Also remember that fat guy from part 1 well he's back but he's easier than he was in part 1. Then you take a lift that takes you to an underground illegal arena but you have to fight a off quite a few waves of enemies basically it's the same punks & Samuri's. The Boss is the return of The Ultimate Warrior & he's slightly more difficult than he was in part 1 he doesn't have a simple attack pattern as Axel I stand near him & use The Grand Upper don't try to go for the punching & kick combo he overpowers you if you use the multiple uppercut attack he will overpower you. As Blaze I use her special attacks as Max you can overpower him cause he's more of a match. If you have him locked up go for the powerbomb as quick as you can if you have him locked up from behind go for a German Suplex or atomic drop as quickly as you can. Round 5 is on this ship & I love the music that is used in this level. You have the introduction of these Kick Boxers the level 1 boss is back. The 2nd section is you're on the top floor of this ship where you have a returning jet pack man  you have Biker's go after you along with Biker's tossing grenades along with some Ninja's which all these Ninja's make me think did The X Syndicate join forces with The Neo Zeed Syndicate from The Shinobi franchise. The Boss is this obese Boxer that I usually back up in the corner & use the multiple uppercut special. In level 6 your on a beach where you have to fight more Ninja's Kickboxer's, Samuri's & red & yellow jacket mowhawk punks. You have this where Biker's are trying to run you down you have this whip chick & more than likely she will hit you with her electric whips & there's a horde of Biker's after you 1 that has a steel pipe. The Boss is The Blanka knock off & jet pack man. Go ahead & jump attack them & spam it to your pleasure. Level 7 is in this factory with this awesome tune & the 2nd section is on a lift where you have another awesome tune sounds like some headbanging music. You have to fight through the various punks with jet pack man knife wielding dude a Ninja & a Samuri & a The Kickboxer. The boss is these 2 hopping annoying robots. But they shouldn't be huge problem. The soundtrack just rivals The SNES sound. I love the gameplay love the soundtrack by Yuzo Koshiro he knew how to get excellent sound out of system like The Genesis that has inferior sound compared to The SNES. Round 8 you're in some kind of Hotel you go through the lobby fighting off that jumping robot & obese Boxer along with a couple of the basic thugs. Then in an elevator you fight the round 1 boss then The Blanka knock off & finally The Ultimate Warrior. At the top floor you fight Shiva who loves to jumps attack you if you have never played this game & you think you can lock him up he will lock you up & beat you up. If you try to attack him with a punching & kick combo he will block it before the kick connects. You will more than likely lose a life when fighting Shiva there's a great tune playing when you're fighting Shiva. You will have to try to use toward toward B attack when fighting Shiva & other special attacks. Mr X has the same attack pattern somewhat but he has way better animation he laughs when you die or are knocked down. I mostly use The Grand Upper on Mr X & get him with a punching & kick combo when I can. The I usually finish him off with a flaming punch. Then you get a great ending with some great music they've taken Mr X down & saved Adam the ending is as strong for me as it was when I 1st played this around 1995 & 96. Streets Of Rage 2 is an excellent Beat Em Up that has great gameplay that's better than the 1st. Better looking graphics that's a plus. 2 players that makes it even better great sound it's even better if you got a Genesis Arcade Stick & the soundtrack is excellent. If you have never played a Streets Of Rage game play this 1. I know some say this game is too easy well there's a cheat you can enter & you can play Mania & playing The Mania Difficulty is worth playing through at least once. If you don't have a Genesis-Megadrive then you can play it on an emulator or on The PS3 & X BOX 360 you can download it & there's The Genesis Collection released back in 2009 on The PS3 & X BOX 360 that has all 3 games plus a lot more Genesis classics. There's even a Genesis collection on PS2. Me I love playing it on a Model 1 Sega Genesis that has the headphone jack that you can hook it up to speakers to get the best sound. Next will be a review more like a rant on Streets Of Rage 3 & then I will review the real Streets Of Rage 3 Bare Knuckle III.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the reason I bought a Sega Genesis over a SNES.  Blaze Fielding is hot in that little miniskirt!  Yes, teenage boys are stupid.Really though, this is THE fighter for Genesis.  The game has four different characters, Max the wrestler who is slow but very powerful, Skate the little kid who is fast, Adam ex-cop who is in the middle towards strength, and Blaze (the aforementioned hottie) ex-cop who is middle of the road leaning towards speed.  I generally played as her because she was fast enough to avoid enemies while being stronger than Skate.The game has a fairly rational progression through the streets, on a ship, and eventually to the boss' lair.  If you turn up the difficulty this game can get VERY hard.  I've had this game on GameGear as well and it's much harder on that system, since once you start getting swept they can often keep it up for an entire life bar.  The Genesis version doesn't have that problem.You can use a variety of weapons from knives to swords and even grenades in your battles.  You have super attacks, one directed which uses up your health no matter what and one that is indirect that only uses up health if you hit somebody.  The 3rd game tweaks that to a probably more fair way of doing it, but I still like this one far and away better than either of the other two.If you like Double Dragon style games or any kind of brawler ones, you owe it to yourself to try Streets of Rage.  If you can only choose one of them, then go for this one by all means.  You'll get enough of the story to figure things out, not that the story is all that elaborate, but it works well enough as a stand alone game and it's just pure fun.prediction:4
reviewText:A run and gun game in the vein of Contra or Metal Slug. Pick your character and weapons and start shooting things. Lot's of different weapons through the weapon combination system to keep thing varied. Controls are great. Graphics are good for their time and nice and colorful. The sound is a bit dated, but is fine for what it does. A bit tough played solo, best played with a bro like any good run and gun game out there.prediction:4
reviewText:When people think of classic run and gun games, the first thing that usually comes to mind is Contra.  But anyone who has played Gunstar Heroes knows that it's possibly the best run and gun ever made for the home console.  It's intense, the action never stops and it impliments some unique gameplay elements that make the game a lot of fun to play.  Also, unlike Contra, the game isn't insanely hard, but has a really balanced difficulty level.  Nintendo was gracious enough to put this on the Virtual Console, so even if you don't have a Genesis, you can still download it for 800 Wii points (eight bucks), and you don't need a Classic Controller to play it.As I mentioned, Gunstar Heroes is a brilliantly crafted game.  It's crisp and clean looking, perhaps one of the best looking Genesis games out there.  You start off by choosing one of two characters, and one of four weapons.  You can either choose a character that lets you run while your shooting, or one that stands still and shoots.  They both have their advantages and disadvantages, such as you constantly running off a cliff if you decide not to choose the fixed character.  But if you choose the fixed character and the level scrolls... oh boy.  The game is also two player, and you're not restricted to just playing as one or the other.  You can both be the free-moving character if you want.The weapons range from a plain ordinary shot, a homing shot, lightning and a flamethrower.  What's more interesting is that you can carry two different weapons at a time and switch between them.  Even MORE interesting, is that you can combine two weapons and see what you get.  You could, for example, have a homing lightning shot.  This element just opens up a ton of possibilities.As you run through the levels, the game is certainly not shy about throwing enemies at you.  This is one of the most intense shooters around.  Enemies are literally coming from every corner, and surprisingly, there's never a drop in framerate.  With how decorative these environments are and things exploding every two or three seconds as well as enemies littering the screen, you'd expect there to be some slow down, there is none and the game itself moves pretty fast only adding to the intensity.  It makes the game that much more fun.Gunstar Heroes is a treat.  If you don't have Gunstar Heroes and you have a Genesis (or Wii) then you owe it to yourself to get this game.  You'll have a lot of fun with it, and it has excellent replay value.NOTE TO WII VIRTUAL CONSOLE USERS: The game supports the Wii Remote, and it works just fine.  No need to invest in a Classic Controller to play it.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the best systems ever!  The graphics may not look great compared to Sega's Dreamcast (but nothing really does look good next to a Sega system) And this is where the blue blur started out, right here on the sega genesis.  While this is a smaller version of the original this still plays the same golden games.  But the thing is, this is NOT made by Majesco, I don't even think it is distributed my majesco, so I don't know where people got that.  But that is off the point, this power house was the 16-bit revolution, the start of 16-bit gaming, this is also where sony got a start of developing eventually stabbing sega in the back which led to the down fall of sega, who started 16-bit gaming, 32-bit gaming, and 128-bit gaming.  So buy this and all other Sega systems before collectors like me take them all away. Also, Check out my review of the PS2 and see the evedence of how the DC is soooooooooooo much better.prediction:4
reviewText:I am giving this item 3 stars rather than one b/c it is still a Sega Genesis and it is a great system.  I should have read Wikipedia BEFORE I bought this!!  This item worked fine, but the 3rd generation Genesis don't work with the Game Genie!!  You should know this if you are a huge game genie fan as I always have been!! And still am!!  This is a very important reivew to read!!  The original model still exists... so just buy that one!  If you are cramped for space and/or don't care about the game genie working on your Genesis, then buy all means buy this one, but it isn't any cheaper... I believe about the same price actually!!prediction:4
reviewText:My first system was a Sega Genesis, and I loved playing the Sonic series (minus spinball and 3-D, but I still got em') and other classics(SOR,SOR2,SOR3,Spiderman/Xmen,Xmen2, which is still my current fave, and most importantly: Maximum Carnage.) These games are all good and that's what made the system good to me is it's games. I liked the SNES too(for RPG reasons) but the one I was raised on (and still play today, burned songs from Sonichq.org) and still have fond memories of today is the Genesis, the only system I don't have that is Sega related is the Saturn and that is because I cannot find one,(but I will, take my word for it)so dust off that game, and play it and take a trip down memory lane cause I know I do. And you old-schoolers know no game will give you the replay value and enjoyment of a classic system like the feeling you had when Aeris died, or the  first time you beat Robotnik, these game have a value that no other can match so when you find the time to play these, do so cause in the end, these new systems may have graphics and fancy stuff, but one thing they will never have is the feeling of enertainment and gratification of a job well done. Most newer titles can be beaten in a day (some even less than that) but I dare you to play Super Mario World and try to say you can beat it in a day. That's classic gaming for ya.prediction:4
reviewText:Golden Axe is a game which was a arcade game, brought onto Sega Genesis. It is a side scrolling game that's basically a beat'em up RPG. Two people can play together simultaneously or you can roll solo. Players can pick between 3 characters. A warrior/barbarrian like character with a sword. A lady also wielding a sword. And also a dwarf that has a double bladed axe. Each of the three characters have the ability of using a different type of magic. Golden Axe rocks just as much now as it did upon it's release!!! It's a simple game, yet has it's challenges. The Genesis version even has more levels than the arcade. As you fight various bad guys (including skeleton w/ swords,giants w/ giant sledge hammers,ect..) you even get the chance to ride some mythical beasts. Two different types of dragons & a weird looking one, that has a tale you use to hit advisaries with. The blue dragon breathes fire towards the ground. And the red dragon breathes fireballs towards whatever direction your facing. You work your way through levels to reach & fight Death Adder. The gameplay is simplistic & enjoyable! The graphics we're good when it came out. And pretty good for it's time still, in my opinion. If you push either left or right on the D-pad twice (holding down the second  push) you'll run towards an enemy. You can then hit the attack button to do a cool attack. The dwarf will do a headbutt with his viking helmet. The warrior/barbarrian does a shoulder nudge. And the lady does a flying kick. You are allowed a certain amount of continues. Also, your able to add some health and continues (if I remember) in th options menu. The music really fits the game & it's levels too! I highly recommend this game to anyone that has never played it, but likes old school games.prediction:4
reviewText:This controller has a near perfect d-pad feel and easy to press buttons,and it's comfortable to grip.This is easily one of the best controls of all time.Sega was always ahead of it's time when it comes to products,this is the perfect example of what they use to produce back when they made nice video game systems.The original three button control was awful and I am glad they made this one because this is the opposite,it's great.The Sega Genesis is almost perfect,in my opinion the Sega Saturn and Playstation control is perfect and have a great grip and nice button layout.Anyways,the Genesis 6 button control is ideal for fighting,platform,and everything else you can play with.The controls are reliable and cheap,so if you have a Sega Genesis you must get this control.prediction:4
reviewText:Falling block games reached the pinnacle of their evolution fairly quickly as Dr. Robotnik's MBM from 1993 is easily the most complex and fun example of the genre that began with Tetris, a primitive Russian strategy game from 1984 that has since become iconic. MBM is hardly an iconic game, but it is very cute if punishingly difficult.I first played the game way back when it was first released at the age of twelve. I got to about level three before it got too hard from my kid's brain to cope with. Now, with the HD version on the PlayStation 3, I am able to save my progress and easily restart each level the moment I lose it is STILL nearly impossible and that's on medium difficulty.There are 13 stages in total (the Robotnik level is a hidden final stage) and with each progression the falling beans get slightly faster with greater variation between them. It was certainly luck and not skill that took me to the final stage and end credits, but what a relief when it was finally over!Graphics BSound BGameplay A-Lasting Appeal A-prediction:4
reviewText:Being a sucker for puzzle games (Tetris, Klax, and the like), it did not take long for me to fall in love with this game. There are different difficulty settings (Easy is fun, and Hard is hard but also fun), and the rules of gameplay are easy enough to understand, and there's a couple of different gameplay modes you can choose (including against your own friends as well as the computer) The beans fall from the ceiling and you need to connect four of them (any way) to make them disappear while you duel with Dr. Robotnik's robots. You can arrange your beans as such to form cascade reactions to defeat your opponent (the longer/more complicated your cascading combinations, the more Gray beans gets shoved into your opponent's screen) I can't count how many hours I have spent enjoying this game. Solid classic, not to be missed. Two thumbs way up!prediction:4
reviewText:I praise the Game Gear at attempting 3D graphics.  (It's more like isometric but whatever)  It wasn't all for naught.  This game is rather challenging.  The bosses in this game are rather dull, (your only tactic:  Spin Dash!  You can't even jump!) but the levels themselves are okay.  I'm suprised that this game has some Stereo Music, in a Game Gear!  (go to the sound test with headphones, and you'll know what i'm talking about.)  This game has some lasting appeal, with it's "Time Attack" feature.  But this game, despite it being a spin-off, doesn't measure up to it's earlier entries.But on the plus side, it's not like "the worst game ever" like i've seen on other sites.  It's okay.  Mainly bought this game to add to my Sonic Game Gear collection.prediction:4
reviewText:This was the first (and only) puzzle game I've ever bought for a video game console, and it hooked me from the first five minutes of starting it up.The concept here is really simiple.  You're a tiny guy (or gal) on a big platform of blocks suspended in a world of darkness.  You're sitting there, minding your own buisness, when suddenly huge smashy blocks appear at the end of the platform, coming right towards you.  There's nowhere to hide, nowhere to run to.  Your only chance is to set explosive devices and destroy the blocks before they reach you.  If you fail...well, lets just say it won't be pretty.So you run around, frantically destroying the blocks before they reach and crush you.  It's very simple gameplay, but add in the fact that things go faster and faster, and the challenge gets harder and harder as the game goes on, and you've got a challenging game that's easy to learn, almost impossible to master.So we've got fun and challenging gameplay, but absoloutly terrible graphics.  By todays standards, Intelligent Qube is a visual mess.  The charachters are terrilbly ugly and everything has a first generation playstation look to it.  The game also gets impossibly hard as it goes on.  I never got past the fourth level, which says a lot about how hard this puzzle is.But the graphics and difficulty can be easily forgiven, considering how addictive and compelling the gameplay is.  In it's finest form, Intelligent Qube is a perfect example of superior gameplay over superior graphics.  This is one puzzler that stands the test of time quite well.prediction:4
reviewText:The classes that you can use are (excluding "special" classes such as Engineer or Holy Knight [one of my favorites]) Squire, Chemist, Knight, Archer, Priest, Wizard, Summoner, Ninja, Geomancer, Mediator, Mime, Calculator, Dancer, Samurai, Bard, Time Mage and Monk. If I didn't get them all, feel free to add! Remember, I only listed the MAIN classes, not the special ones.The gameplay is a very strong point in the game. You fight monsters, humans or a mixture of both on a field of squares that you move from one to the next. It's somewhat time consuming going through the menus to battle, but really, if you're into strategy RPGs, you're used to this. I will mention one thing: I've found myself falling asleep to this game because the battles were slow. Not that this should detract you from buying this excellent game.The story is seriously the strongest point in the game. You are in a huge place called Ivalice and you travel from town to town occasional going to waterfalls or swamps and what not. Ramza is the main character and he experiences betrayal, meeting new friends and fighting for what's right.The sound isn't bad. The main music in battles against monsters (which can happen in between towns on the map) is OK, but you might get sick of it after a while. But some of it is pretty good. Not great, but good. Just don't expect it to blow you away.I think I've touched on the main points. Once again, if I'm missing a class, feel free to tell me.8.5/10= 4 stars and then someprediction:4
reviewText:When Square realeased Final Fantasy Tactics after it's monumental success in Final Fantasy VII, it recieved some very harsh critisim for it's poor translation, among other things.  But, Final Fantasy Tactics built a strong fan base, and I'm sure many still replay it today.FFT is a game that took a different direction rather than a traditional RPG.  Most of the game revolves around battles that are much harder than you may think.  The manual even advises that you save after every encounter.  Before a battle ensues, you can place usually up to 5 characters on a platform, which represents your side of the battlefield while the enemy starts on the other side.  You then begin to advance, a little like chess, planning strategically to smite all the enemies before you.I definitely agree with the people who say this game is hard.  If you don't plan one character's move correctly, the whole battle may be out of your hands.  But, if strategy games isn't your cup of tea, then don't get strategy games!  FFT is a hard game, but it is definitely beatable and conquerable, it just takes a lot of time and patience.All in all, Final Fantasy Tactics is an exceptional game.  The engrossing gameplay, great graphics, story, and characters make it a must have for fans of the genre or considering fans.prediction:4
reviewText:When I first got this game, I thought it was just a Final Fantasy game where you can just have custom characters.  I was wrong.  This game is much more.  I've played several other Final Fantasy games and this is better than those I've played.First off, the storyline is amazing.  The main character is a young man named Ramza (you can change his name) who wants to follow his father's path and become a knight of great respect.  However, he goes through a time of deceit, treachery, murder, and turmoil.  Everything is just plain wrong in his eyes and in the end, he has no idea on which side to take up, so he fights on his own side, which in your eyes might be the good side (it was in mine).  There are so many twists to this game you'll keep coming back for more.The graphics in this game is amazing.  The look of all the different attacks are amazing, especially the magical and special character skills.  The characters are, as some may put it, Super-Deformed (SD), but they look amazing.  The levels are in 3D and look really nice.  And each weapon has a unique look, which is pretty sweet.The gameplay is just plain amazing.  It's a simple way of playing: move, perform an action, and choose the direction you face.  It's also complex enough to require a well thought strategy, thus where the word "Tactics" comes into play.  Random battles are actually random; they don't have a specific pattern, compared to other Final Fantasy games.  Also, there's a deep class system called the "Job System".  This is a legendary component of one of the Final Fantasy games, FFV.  You can customize each member of your party to your style of play, and at the beginning of each battle, you are allowed to place up to 5 members in a specific place.  You also have guest members which stay in your party until you get to a certain part of the game.  Most of these guests can become permenant members of your party, which is actually good since there's one character that you can get that's really worth getting.  There's also side-quests that allow you to get hidden characters, including Cloud Strife from FFVII.The game is difficult at points, but is mostly pretty average.  The most difficult part of the game is probably the battle against Wiegraf for the final time.Sound, really good, don't need to go into this.If you like chess and Final Fantasy, pick this game up ASAP.  It's definitely worth it.prediction:4
reviewText:you either love or hate this game in my opinion i have met many rabid fans such as myself, and by the same token many people who despise this game with every fiber of their being. It is however my all time favorite game for the playstation. It may not have the best graphics but in terms of story, gameplay, depth, difficulty...it's all there. For more casual gamers it offers a fairly easy main story, but for those who like a challenge there is the deep dungeon not to mention plenty of opportunities to steal rare equipment that you only get one chance for. I enjoyed this game and i'm sure if you are a strategy rpg fan you will to.prediction:4
reviewText:I first played this game when I was 13 years old. I fell in love with the game, it was fun to play and actually involved strategy. I couldn't really understand the story at that age but now that I've played it again I fully understand it and appreciate how brilliant it is! The gameplay is like the early Final Fantasy games, turn based, however this game was played on a field rather than on a line like the other Final Fantasy games. You select your group and move across the field to get near enough to the enemy soldiers to strike. The gameplay is so fun and addicting, and with so much variation to the actions you can do in battle makes every fight different and fun. Now what I love most about this game is the story! The story is just very elaborate and well thought out, there is character development with the protagonists and even some of the antagonists. There are lots of twists in the story and there is just more than enough good things to say about the story.Overall:I know this is an old game and the graphics don't stand up to the ones of today, however the strategic gameplay and brilliantly detailed story make up for the graphics. Pros: A lot of customization, Great story, Great gameplay. Cons: Outdated Graphics. The Pros GREATLY! outweigh the Cons. 5 out of 5!prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy Tactics is an incredible accomplishment.  While bearing the Final Fantasy name, it is not part of the main numbered series.  Final Fantasy Tactics brings a new style of gameplay to the Final Fantasy series: strategy.  This is a strategy game.  The goal of Tactics is not so much to explore the world, but rather to strategically win battles to advance the story.  The only exploration comes in finding where the best place on the battlefield is to put your characters in order to attack the most effectively.  This is a difficult game to get into at first, but given the chance the game becomes very addictive and soon may be one of your favorite games.  It is that good.The game begins slow and is a little confusing at first.  You are moved from location to location and given a lot of story (the story in Tactics is the deepest of any bearing the name Final Fantasy).  You must fight by moving your characters around the field of battle and placing them so that they can do the most damage while hopefully avoiding getting too injured.  Terrain is important. This game features a very well done job class system, so what job class your characters are affects what they can do.  Only a chemist can use healing items, only a mage can cast magic, Knights are very strong and can wear armor, and so on.  Mastering the job classes and learning what the best way to fight battles is very important and will determine how successful you will be.  It seems a little daunting at first, but putting the time and effort into this game is worth it.  It is often overlooked, but it is one of the best on the Playstation.  For RPG fans, Final Fantasy fans, strategy fans, or just someone looking for a great game and a new experience: Final Fantasy Tactics is the game to get.prediction:4
reviewText:Definitely one of the better strategy RPG's I've played, but still difficult.  Not as difficult as the Disgaea strategy RPG series (THANKFULLY), but still pretty hard.  The plot and the "Job" system are very deep though and will definitely keep a lot of players busy.  Highly recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy Tactics was released early on in the PlayStation's lifespan. While some dismissed it as too hard or too quirky, a lot of gamers found it challenging and a fresh change from more conventional RPGs.It borrowed a lot, including its basic battle system, from Tactics Ogre (many of the staff also worked on that game). Its story, however, is radically different from TO, though equally interesting. FFT's tale of political upheaval and ancient magic suffers from a poor translation, but the craftsmanship of the plot manages to shine through.FFT's graphics and music are surprisingly good for its age. Beautiful hand-drawn sprites are layered over 3-D battle maps, and the synthesized music only occasionally sounds like it.The gameplay is incredibly deep, with dozens of different Job Classes and hundreds of abilities to learn. You can combine abilities to create new classes - a Knight who can use Black Magic, for example, or an Archer who can Steal. The possibilities are seemingly endless.Now that Final Fantasy Tactics is available again as part of the Greatest Hits lineup, it's a worthwhile purchase for anyone interested in the most polished strategy/RPG around.prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy is easily one of the best console games ever created. There are many reasons for this, but it all culminates into one solid reason... replayability. There is no other game that I can play over and over again (with each game easily stretching over 40 hours) and not get bored. It takes a lot of assets to make something this replayable. So what are these elements?1) Game Design: All of the stars must have aligned for the game play to come together the way it did. True character mortality makes the battles more intense. Weather, affinity, facing, luck, agility, are more clearly factors than they usually seem in other games. Character classes and how they can be leveled and discovered is so much fun to explore (Like the monstrous mathmetician and how he to use him well). There are a huge number of spells spread across all of the classes and the variety of the visuals and effects are incredible. There are so many things lurking in the background of this game that make it so incredibly deep and infinitely replayable. It is different every time you play it.2) Art Direction: The artistic direction of this game is so focused and consistent, that it becomes totally convincing and ultimately haunting. The character design, colors, and shadows create an amazing atmosphere that comes through on every single map. The visuals of the spells are beautiful... bursting with colors and interesting particle effects. At this time, Square's magic spell had such a unique look to them, that it was almost like recognizing a great artist's style. They really stood out that much over the other games out there. Even with the crude polygonal maps and limiting rotoscoped bitmaps, the look of the game is impressive even today, causing the replay value again, to be high, because it is always engrossing to enter this world.3) Sound: The music for Final Fantasy Tactics is broad in scope and style. The soundtrack takes up 2 cds and to listen to all of the tracks separate from the game amazes with the shear quantity and quality of every song. They range from epic to intimate and are all memorable. Once again, the replayability is bolstered... This time by the excellent soundtrack.4) Story: This is one of the few times that a convoluted Japanese video game narrative actually improves the game. There is so much going on in this story that there is a dictionary to keep track of all of the characters and events. Because of this boatload of information, and complexity of the story, it never really gets old either, so there goes another one for replayability. Each time you play through, there's a good chance you might pick up a little thing you missed the last time around.5) Unique Items: The game is packed full of unique items that can be pretty hard to get a hold of. From weapons to characters, there are all kinds of things to track down. If you look through a strategy guide, you will be amazed to see the reems of info on stuff you can go on side quests to get.I imagine there are lots of people out there with short attention spans who would get bored with Final Fantasy Tactics, so it can't have universal appeal, but anybody with a stitch of patience will get sucked into this game big time. It never seems like a waste of time and is fun and amazing on so many different levels that I could never go into enough detail to give it justice. But I can say that this game has stayed at the top of my list of best games of all time through the last three generations of consoles, and there have been some great games since then, and that's pretty impressive.prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy Tactics is a classic game for the Playstation which is still great fun to play in the days of the Playstation 2.The graphics are reasonably good, with three dimensional characters and environments. The church you start out near, for examples, looks like one you might construct out of paper and color the walls of. Very flat with few surfaces, but relatively reasonable for the time.Gameplay involes you and your group of up to 7 friends trying to figure out a war between two halves of the country you're in. Each character has its own strengths and weaknesses, of course, and they gain in skill as they go through battles.Battle is turn based and involves your 3D characters and your enemies on a map. You have to move close to your enemies to fight with them, and figure out who to move in close and who to keep further off. This is different than the Final Fantasy RPG series where in essence your team stands in a line, the enemy stands in a line, and you simply fire at each other.There are of course chocobos, your yellow friends that can carry you around. In this version, they can even lay eggs! You never know what will hatch out of one, and it's a neat way to add new monsters to your group.I will comment that the translations are pretty awful, the letters appear S - L - O - W - L - Y on the screen and the plot is rather complex with names and alliances to keep track of. But that's a minor flaw given how fun the game is.Highly recommended to any Final Fantasy fan, even though it's a bit old. You can usually get it inexpensively, and it's well worth it!prediction:4
reviewText:What can I say FF Tactics is an RPG gem. Which somehow got over looked by many, but maybe that's because it came out around the same time as FF7. If you are a fan of chess board RPG styled games like Disgaea, Phantom Brave, Saiyuki's Journey West, etc. I highly recommend snagging this on PSP, PSN, Or a PS1 copy sold here for cheap. Also if you're a Final Fantasy Fan I recommend this too. Final Fantasy Tactics is one of the first games to introduce the chess board style game play. Here's how it racks up.Positive ++ Character's are unique and the artwork is on par with Legend Of Mana.+ Job classes make this game all the more fun and each job has it's unique Attacks/Stats/Armor Equipment.+ Lots of different weapons to choose from, even more abilities to make you character awesome. Example: Have a gun wielding knight who can also use samurai skills. Yep, that's possible in Tactics.+ Soundtrack is amazing, it's not Nobou amazing, but whoever was in charge did a fantastic job. At times it can be soothing as you're fighting in the rain on some mountain tops or creepy as you're fighting an uber boss in a castle. Music sets the mood big time in this game.+ You can recruit just about anyone to join your party. Monsters, humans, a crazy robot, and even Cloud Strife as a hidden side quest.+ Levels are unique. Not just the same painted over texture board over and over again. Each place on the map has it's own landscape, weather, different times of day, enemies, trees, water, you name it. Lots of work went into this part which shows a lot.+ Overall it takes 40 hours to finish Final Fantasy Tactics, 50 with all the side quests. One can miss a lot of hidden things on their first play through, so it definitely has replay value.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Okay, now the negatives.- Like the title to this review says "Difficult." Final Fantasy Tactics can be just a pain in the butt sometimes. Especially when a 20 minute battle takes a turn for the worse. Your party starts missing attacks on enemies, The enemy uses status attacks like petrify, confuse, charm, and there's no Medic in your party to heal those conditions or they just don't know that move. Yeah, a lot can go wrong in a battle. Or simply the enemy is just too strong and dominates your party. A great example of this is one part in the game where you're prompted to save just before an uber boss fight. If you can't beat this boss, tough cookie. Since you already saved, there's no going back to level up. Better find a way to beat this uber boss. There's a couple of fights throughout the game like this one and man it can be frustrating. If you are a fan of really hard games then you'll love this game for the difficulty aspect.- At one point the story just kind of loses its edge. Mainly towards the end where the main character has no idea what is going on. He's just trying to get his captured sister back from the bad guys. The ending also lacks any real punch line or what is it called... Meh, I'll just say punch line. It's kind of like " And Everyone, Died... But Not Really" type of ending. Not the best, but there is some closure. So that is what counts. Like what happened to such and such character. Mediocre ending.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall: Tactics is great and delivers as a unique RPG for its time.Happy gamingprediction:4
reviewText:I may be somewhat prejudiced, but Final Fantasy Tactics remains one of my favorite games, despite the fact that I am not generally a fan of tactical games.Final Fantasy Tactics follows the adventures of a young soldier who discovers that the simple world he believes in is far too complicated; his best friend turns against his family and friends, and trustworthy figures transform into monsters. Along his journey of discovery, civil war, and heroism, he is thrust into many battles and must learn, along with allies and friends he gains along the way, to be a master of tactical warfare.The latter, of course, is really YOUR task, given that the poor schmuck is just a programmed drone under your command.FFT, when released, had what may have been the most awe-inspiring introductory CGI ever made, and even today it's pretty darn spiffy. The music is quite simply gorgeous; I bought the CD collection and don't regret it for a minute. While following the main plotline, you can also take on other adventures and jobs, gaining little perks along the way, and (if you're sharp-eyed) finding in-jokes and references to other SquareSoft games. (You can end up getting Cloud Strife from FFVII in your party, and meet Aerith of the same game at one point).The SD (&quot;SuperDeformed&quot;) versions of the characters that you see most of the time are pretty -- very nice character design -- and for the most part you view them in tactical mode, in an adjustable-angle 3-d display. By today's (2002) the view isn't amazingly detailed, but it plays out well; the characters can develop skills in a wide variety of professions, ranging from wizards to monks and straight-up fighters, each of which has its own peculiar talents and powers. Each individual character also has his or her own special talents, and as they gain experience can be built up in a myriad of different ways.Overall, it's a really fun game with a nice plotline, gorgeous music, and smooth, well-thought-out gameplay. Anyone who likes tactical games should enjoy this one.prediction:4
reviewText:On occasion I feel the need to pull out my PS2 and play one of my old PSone games. When I do Final Fantasy Tactics is always one of the first.With the exception of monsters each character may change jobs between battles. Some examples include the armor and weapon breaking Knight, the duel-wielding Ninja, the enviroment dependant Geomancer, or the bare knuckled Monk to name a few. A character must learn certain jobs first to unlock more down the road. In the beginning you choose either Squire to have a more 'fighter-type' skill set or Chemist for the 'wizard-type' skill set. The Archer, which you learn later, unlocks the 'rogue-type' skill set. Each and every job brings its own unique skills to bare and you may cross your current job with another job you have been training with earlier. For example; If you had mastered the Thief class you may change classes to the Lancer, set your seconardy skill as 'Steal' (the Thief's skill), and now you may level the Lancer class but use all your hard earned 'Steal' skills too. I can't say how much I appreciate this in a game.The combat works something like an intricate game of chess. Characters have a Move and Jump rating determined by their Skills, Class, and some equipment alters these ratings also. Move and Jump together show you how far and where you are capable of moving. The Time Mage class learns a skill learn that allows you to Teleport around the map. Certain monsters and classes are able to fly (!), thereby removing the need to Jump. Different weapons have different attack ranges. Bows fire in a large ring around the character, being on higher ground allows a larger range. Lances reach two squares away from the character. Swords, daggers, axes, and rods have a reach one square. Guns (Yes, guns) have a HUGE range but cannot fire over obstacles, such as walls, trees, or other characters (Yes, you can shoot them if they get in the way), like a Bow can. Learning how to equip the right characters with the right weapons becomes very important as your amount of classes expands and the enemies become smarter.I can't say enough about this game. My only real recommendation: Play it. If you don't own it, burrow it from a friend. You will want to own a copy within an hour of starting a new game.(For those who didn't get the Title for my review: Final Fantasy Tactics for the win in my opinion)prediction:4
reviewText:...besides the kiddish Final Fantasy Tactics: Advanced?This is a very challenging and different game which actually involves strategy and tactics (thus the title of the game). Don't go in expecting a regular Final Fantasy game where all you have to do in battles is push the X button a couple of times and it's over. The battles in this game are similar to that of chess: You have to move around on a 'board' in a turn-based battle system, you have different characters (with customizable abilites), and you have to defeat the opposing characters by thinking a few moves ahead and developing a tactic to win. This kind of gameplay requires a lot of thinking and its fun! You also have to watch out as to not hurt your own characters, like with arrows or spells. You can also accidentally aid your opponents, so you really have to plan out all your moves!The customizable nature of this game is also very exciting, with many different character 'jobs' you can choose from, all with a set of different abilities you have to gain experience for and learn.The storyline is also very entertaining and satisfying. You are always joining up with people and other characters betray you! The cut-scenes develop the characters very well and the plot was thought out very well, too. I always want to keep playing to find out what happens next!The downside of this game (not so big for me, though) is that you don't really travel and talk to people like in the other FF games. When you go to a town, there is a menu of places you can go. So all you have to do is select a place and you're there! But the upside to that would be you don't waste time searching for buildings and other things, so it really depends on the player.As an endnote, I just really hope that Square makes another game like this for PS2, and not a simplified, 'kiddish' version for the gameboy. Final Fantasy Tactics is an amazing game and they need to make an amazing part 2!prediction:4
reviewText:I don't know how the Wild Arms series managed to escape my notice for this long.  I thought I'd already tried all the PS1 RPGs that were any good, but apparently I missed this series.  My first exposure to Wild Arms was Wild Arms 3 which I had rented from Gamefly.  I didn't get to play it very long, but it seemed like a nice game.  So, I decided to start collecting the Wild Arms series to try out, starting with the original Wild Arms.Graphics (score 6/10): Well, what's the nice way to put this?  Um, the game looks pretty simplistic for a PS1 game, with very simplistic 3-D character models and flat backgrounds that look like they could've come from an early Final Fantasy.  When I first saw this game, I actually thought it might be a re-vamped port from an earlier system.  I did some research, and apparently it's not a port at all, but it did come out rather early in the PS1's lifespan, and was certainly pre-FF7.  Taking this into account, one can forgive the poor graphics.  You'll notice that there's a lovely intro cutscene that's rendered in lovely anime style, and as we all know those age quite well, so they made a good decision there.  However, you'll never see any more of those anime cutscenes ever again throughout the rest of the game.  Too bad, really...Music (score 7/10):  The music is all pretty good, as far as RPG music goes.  I like the fact that much of the music is reminiscent of the "Western" vibe they were going for in the game's setting.  I especially like the whistle-y intro music.  I wouldn't say this game's music is terribly memorable, but it's good enough during the game to keep you engaged.Characters (score 7/10): Well, this game has three main characters, and that's it.  You have Rudy (who strangely never talks), Jack and Cecilia.  They are all decent enough characters who have some sort of personality, and much to the game's credit, they all have some sort of backstory and character development to them.  Have I come across characters I liked better and that were more memorable?  Sure, but these characters are just fine, especially for an older game.  There are a few memorable side characters here and there too.  The villains, however, are pretty cheesy.  They are the sort of old-school RPG villains that are a bit one-dimensional and frankly, hard to take too seriously.  They also don't get a whole lot of characterization or depth to them, but that was sort of the standard back then.Story (score 7/10): First off, the game's setting is unusual for an RPG.  I'm used to sort of quasi-medieval fantasy settings, but having an RPG set in a fantasy Western-style setting is quite a breath of fresh air.  As for the story itself, it's decent enough for a game of it's time.  It certainly has a more old-school vibe to the story and simplicity that is more similar to older Final Fantasies (think FF1-6) than it is to the later RPGs that came on the PS1.  That being said, although I've certainly experienced better stories in RPGs, this one's not bad.  It's interesting enough to keep a person playing, but you're not going to weep with emotion while playing it either.Battle System (score 7/10): Anyone who's played an older RPG should be familiar with the concept of turn-based combat (or menu-driven combat, if you want to get all technical).  That's what we've got here.  I rather like turn-based battle systems, so I'm pretty pleased.  I do wish the menu were actually a bit more understandable though.  The menu consists of little squares that have images on them and no words.  It's rather inconvenient that you can't see what any of the icons do without pressing and holding Triangle.  Why can't we have a normal menu with WORDS?  That's my gripe with that.  As for the rest of the battle system, it's pretty standard with Attack, Defend, Magic, Special Skills, etc.  Not much to say there.Gameplay (score 6/10): This is a bit of a catch-all category for me.  The gameplay for the most part is decent, but there are a few little irritants here and there that could've used smoothing out.  First off, the dash option is horrible.  You just run forward with no control in a straight line until you either stop pressing the button or hit something.  Thankfully your walking speed is decently fast, or otherwise the inability to run properly would drive you mad!  Speaking of controls, I've noticed that there are points in the game where you need to angle your character diagonally (such as to use a grappling hook) and it's very irritating trying to get the right angle due to imprecise controls.  To make matters worse here, there's no support for analog control, so you're stuck with the arrow-pad!  Moving on from that...  The in-game map you get later is horrible.  It's absolutely tiny and doesn't show you the names of any of the dots on it, leaving you to guess what towns those might be.  Also, I've noticed that this game let's you have rather a lot of customization when it really shouldn't.  For example, you can re-color or re-draw the menu icons.  WHY?  It would've been better to have menu options made of WORDS!  It also let's you rename spells and re-order them in the magic menu.  You'd think this'd be a good thing, yes?  NO!  It's so irritating arranging a ton of spells into an order that even vaguely makes sense, it would've been far more useful to have them automatically arranged according to type (healing, attack, support, etc.).  Lastly, I need to comment on the quests.  It gets somewhat confusing at times about where to go next in the game as there are points in the story where you're really given no direction at all.  Especially after you get the boat, you could wind up wandering around for ages before figuring out how to trigger the next story sequence.  Sigh, well, overall, the game is not terrible, but it does have lots of little minor irritants that hold it back a bit and keep it from feeling like a totally polished experience.Overall (score 7/10): NOTE this score is not an average; it's my subjective overall score.  Well, Wild Arms is a pretty decent game overall.  It's certainly got a very nostalgic older feel to it, especially for those who grew up right around the time of RPGs in the '90s.  I'd recommend it if you are an RPG fan or are looking for something to pass the time with while you wait for Square Enix to make a new Final Fantasy that's actually good again.prediction:4
reviewText:I remember in middle school when this game came out, my friends would talk about it all the time and often compare it to Illusion of Gaia.  I couldn't contribute to the discussion since back then I wasn't familiar with either game but now, since I'm familiar with both, I think Illusion of Gaia is a superior game, if only slightly.  I believe comparisons to Secret of Mana would have been more appropriate, though.While I admire an action-oriented RPG approach instead of the turn based style (that I never understood the appeal of by the way- why am I *forced* to take damage if I don't want to?) Secret of Evermore surely feels more appropriate for the turn based audience despite the action.  Perhaps this is due to the way the game feels- it feels strongly like it wants to be Chrono Trigger since Square's design in gaming, while fantastic, is a pretty predictable formula.  I mean Chrono Trigger is turn based and Secret of Evermore doesn't feel significantly different than that game despite using two different combat styles.  While playing Secret of Evermore, you realize that Square's specialty is turn based RPG's and they should leave any weapon-swinging action to Nintendo due to the tacky and unnatural way you swing your weapon, as well as the odd-looking animations afterwards when an enemy has been defeated.  It makes me think Square was probably one step away from making Secret of Evermore a tun based RPG.  Of course the characters, forest and castle backgrounds and overall set-up of both Chrono Trigger and Secret of Evermore resemble each other as well, but I don't really mind that.Anyway, Secret of Evermore is about a boy and his dog who go an adventure retrieving diamonds, stopping the world from falling into a deep freeze, or whatever else the townspeople ask or discuss from our brave hero.  Probably the most interesting feature of the game is that your dog can actually attack enemies by biting them, and sometimes he packs a mean bite and is quite the helpful little companion.  The storyline is relatively simple.  At least, in comparison to the elabrate Chrono Trigger storyline.  This is due to such a small number of characters overall and the small number of actual dilemmas occurring throughout the quest.  Chrono Trigger's land was so diverse and populated that it was enough to make me confused on several occasions so I welcome the change.Overall the world feels alarmingly small and you often have to walk through the same areas you've just completed to retrieve, purchase or progress somewhere else.  You also have to defeat several enemies in order to level up and advance.  Not a bad concept, though occasionally repetitive.  Some of the weapons are horrible.  The bone weapon in the beginning with its limited range is quite pathetic though I guess understandable since it's your very first weapon after all, but the spear that you will soon get is a MAJOR improvement.  You can also create attacks depending on your level and the one where a giant fist comes down and pounds enemies is a nifty way of damaging and eliminating any danger standing in your way.  In fact the fist pound is highly reliable in boss fights and makes short work of them.  Casting powerful attack spells is another trademark of turn based RPG's so it's a bit weird having them in a game like this but it's a pretty cool concept regardless.  Some of the areas are fairly boring.  Actually when you arrive to the desert, that's when the game gets sort of boring.  You have to swirl around through quicksand for a few minutes to obtain hidden items on one occasion, talk to townspeople, purchase or trade items, and take a hilarious tour boat ride on another.  This stuff takes a long time with little excitement in between.Speaking of the boss fights, they're alright, though the one snake fight from the swamp area is entirely too long.  Others are sometimes annoying due to shaking the floors and stunning our hero or darting off screen and coming back with a cheap attack, but otherwise they're fine.  Filling your health whenever it's low is similar to Chrono Trigger which is weird in a more action-like game, but that's how it is.  Enemies can be a bit repetitive at times.  How many times did I have to battle those miniature frog creatures?  Or the boney snakes that resemble the ones from Super Castlevania IV?  Or those flopping slime balls?  Too many times.  The music is quite the surprise though.  Quite often it's extraordinary and always fits the mood perfectly but more importantly, the notes themselves are memorable and enhance the fairy tale vibes of the fictional story quite often.Overall, well it's a pretty good game.  My 3-star rating is probably due to the fact I've played several Super NES games that entertained me more.  It *is* a classic video game system after all.  Still, Secret of Evermore is a nice change when I desire to take a break from the classics.prediction:4
reviewText:Only FFIX and Chrono Trigger are better RPGs.Instead of clogging you with a bunch of characters, some clearly inferior to others, you get two: a boy and his dog.  The dog is a powerhouse, and the boy can do magic.  This is the best magic system ever; you but your ingredients and you can keep casting the spell as long as you have the right stuff.Leveling-up is not too terribly difficult, and you have a nice stratgeic capability deciding which weapon is the right one for the job.Plus: CRUSH, the greatest spell ever.Sony needs to reissue this game and FF Mystic Quest onto the PS format immediately.prediction:4
reviewText:Its plot is cliche, the gameplay is almost like a dumbed down version of Secret of Mana, it can be very grindy at times, its music is forgettable, and it's only meant for 1 player. Despite all of that, I absolutely LOVE this game! I can't tell exactly what it is about this game that made me fall in love with it so much. It's by no means original, and it's definitely not for everyone, but this is one of my favorite SNES games of all time. One thing I think this game does brilliantly is its use of ambience. No other SNES game has perfected that aspect like Secret of Evermore has. In fact, the ambience is done so well in this game, it even rivals some of today's games in this aspect.  From the moment you boot up the game, to the time it ends, you really feel completely engrossed in this world like you actually are the character you play, lost in a big unfamiliar world. Exploration is a key factor of gameplay as it is very fun to explore every nook and cranny the game has to offer. There are few things in video games that I love more than being dropped in the middle of a foreign land and figuring out the directions on my own. Because of this, the soundtrack is filled mostly with ambient noise rather than actual music tracks, but combined with the world you run around in, this works beautifully.If you want to play this only for the story, you won't be impressed. If you're wondering about the gameplay, it's an action RPG very similar to Secret of Mana (and no, it's not a sequel to that game). This game is all about feeling lost and exploring the world at hand. If you play this game with that in mind you will have a much better experience.prediction:4
reviewText:This shows what the SNES was capable of, compact wise.  Being able to fit three games in one is excellent.  It has a quality to it not seen in some games today.the graphic upgrade makes the game memorable.  More detail to certain levels and Cinema enhances are worth the price alone.The music however was slightly altered.  Some I don't mind (most of the stuff form Ninja Gaiden 2) but Act 2 in Ninja Gaiden 1 was a big dissapointment.The challenge was altered only for certain levels.  Thus it makes some games a little easier.  Also another welcome is unlimited continues added to #3.Buy this game, just do so.prediction:4
reviewText:Battletoads in Battlemaniacs was an extremely difficult game (ex: the Cool Boarders level, the Snake Board and the Rocket Rollercoaster level). Seriously, when I first started this game, a couple of parts were nearly impossible. What made it worse was that there was nothing you could do about it besides get better and let's face it, that should be the payoff from playing most video games right?I will admit that once you got good at the difficult parts (usually after the bikes because it felt like it was impossible), you got really good at the rest of the game. There were still parts here and there but other than that you could deal.You play as either the much quicker Rash or the brutally strong Pimple. Either/Or, Battletoads will challenge you in a lot of different ways from playing the levels to defeating enemies to thinking of your strategy for this game.The bad thing about this game is that it requires way too many hours considering that it doesn't have that many levels and it's just a Fighting/Action/Adventure. I played this game for at least 3 weeks before I finally got the hang of it.If you're looking for a challenge than this is it for you. If all you need is a good &quot;whooping&quot; fixx than this is unfortunately not for you on the basis that you have to dedicate a lot of game time to it. If you need a good fighting fixx than I would suggest any other great fighting title that is on SNES such as Mortal Kombat II, Street Fighter II or Street Fighter Alpha (either is a great title). It's still a good game but if you don't have the committment for it, it's not worth it.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is good in capturing the shows feel. It's sick, twisted, and still, fun. When your Gwar tickets get eaten, puked back up, and sent through a lawnmower you got to track down each piece. In doing so you explore the town that Beavis and Butthead lives in and interact with many familure faces if you watch the show. Fun, yet, hard game to beat. Love it none the less, worth the buy no matter if you're pro-Beavis and Butthead or not.prediction:4
reviewText:Most games based on TV shows or movies suck, but not this one!Graphics:10/10: Very cartoony and detailed! Clean and crisp.Music:10/10: Rockin and stylishSound:10/10: Very good voices and soundsStory:8/10: Beavis and Butt-head have tickets to a GWAR concert. Mr. Anderson's poodle takes them and runs to his yard. The dog then pukes them out, and Mr. Anderson mows the tickets with the mower. Now they must find the ticket pieces to see their concert. A simple, yet fun story.Gameplay:10/10: Challanging! Play as Beavis or Butt-head and go through worlds fighting enimies and solving  puzzles in order to get your GWAR ticket pieces! Fun!If you have a Genesis, you need to get this!! Also, try to get a factory sealed game. It has a poster!prediction:4
reviewText:One of the many memories of the 16-bit console wars between Sega Genesis and Super Nintendo I had was comparing games that had come out on both systems. Typically, the SNES version of the game was better. However, there were a few rare occasions where a Sega Genesis version of a game was superior. In this instance, I remember being very pleasantly surprised, because both systems got very different games, and the Sega Genesis version was clearly much better and more fun.The plot of the game is pretty simple. Beavis and Butthead find out their favorite band Gwar is coming to play in their town soon, so they purchase a pair of tickets. The tickets get eaten by the neighbors dog, who then pukes them into a lawnmower. The wind sweeps away the ticket pieces. Rather than go out and buy more tickets (I assume they couldn't afford another pair) Beavis and Butthead embark on a quest to find the ticket pieces. And so our game begins...First off, the style of this game is quite enjoyable. Beavis and Butthead are both playable characters. Two players can lead Beavis and Butthead or one player can control either Beavis or Butthead while allowing the computer to control the other character. You can switch at any time, and only the character you are playing as will take damage. In short, the computer will not get you killed, which is a giant relief.Beavis and Butthead start off without items or weapons. Beavis will belch a noxious green gas to attack enemies while Butthead relies on a slower fart move. Right off the bat, Beavis is the preferrable character. You pick up items and try to figure out the use of each item as you explore Highland Hig School, The Mall, Burger World, The Drive-In, The Hospital, The Street, and ultimately The Gwar Concert. You choose which area you want to visit, and each area can be visited multiple times. The whole point is to pick up items and figure out where and how to use them, ultimately to find the ticket pieces. This is quite a fun inventory game that almost reminds me of the old Sierra-Nevada games, like Space Quest or King's Quest. For example: at Burgerworld, find a dead rat by the dumpster, go inside to where the deep fat fryer is, drop the french fries and the dead rat in the fryer to make a disgusting dead-rat fries meal, and then serve it to the angry customer. He will pay you, and then eat the fries, dead rat and all, and then puke. In his puke is a ticket piece.You will find other neat things, such as different weapons. A straw can be used as a spitball shooter, and there are also toy dart guns which you can use. If you have the spare cash, you can purchase a frogball bat for Butthead to have as a weapon. One of the tougher situations to manage in the game is money management. There are only a few items in the game you can actually sell, and you will not get much money. The Drive-In requires you pay $5 admission, so be sure you have what you need before you seriously attempt this part of the game, otherwise you risk wasting your money and one chance to get the ticket piece for that area. This should also dissuade gamers from jumping the gun and spending the money unwisely too early.Most noteable about the game is the couch-fishing part of the game. Once you have the fishing pole, you will be able to use certain items as bait for couch-fishing. I will go ahead and spoil this much: Never use the boot as bait, or you will die. Plain and simple. The rest is for you to discover. This game can seem pretty tough at times because of getting stuck on a certain situation, just think things through in a "Beavis and Butthead" mentality and you may be surprised by the solution. Also, there are a couple hints hidden in the game, most noteably Mr. Van Dreissan's classroom.There's alot to like about this game. The music is actually really good for a Sega Genesis game, and the sound effects are also good. Beavis and Butthead sound great, and the only audible flaw is the overuse of the stock soundbite "grunt" that is applied to all the enemies when taking damage. The game looks very good, and represents Mike Judge's cartoon very well.There's even a very cool hidden ending. If you got the extra items in the game, you can use them after gaining admission past the gate at the Gwar show to be a slave during the Gwar show. Very cool!The game has some funny hidden jokes, and some of the manners in which you acquire the Gwar tickets are hilarious. A little practice and patience are required during some of the tougher areas, such as The Street or the chase at the Hospital, but other than that, the toughest part of the game is figuring out what you have to do to acquire the ticket pieces. Figuring out what to do is half the fun, though.The only complaint I have about the game is in regards to Couch Fishing. You are going to seriously blister your fingers trying to reel in your catch unless you have a Turbo controller. Other than that, this is a very overlooked installment in the Genesis' library. Even Beavis wouldn't be able to say "This sucks!"prediction:4
reviewText:I didn't to see a lot of these guys when I was younger, but I did have the videogame. Back then it was the first time I'd ever seen something so crazy as two teenagers trying to get pictures of themselves doing stupid things they thought were "cool" in order to get into a GWAR Concert. Which is the premise, of course.Those unfamiliar with Beavis and Butt-Head simply need to know two things: 1, they're idiots. And 2, they are so renowned for their stupidity and penchant for mayhem that everyone in their town of Highland is out to stop them--from cops, to their neighbors, all the way up to their teachers and the very birds in their neighborhood!People familiar with the show (and very familiar with the episodes) might recognize a few elements borrowed from certain episodes. The game borrows heavily off of Seasons 2 and 3 of Beavis and Butt-Head, with the most references being made to the episode "Babes 'R' Us" (The boxing glove on a bat, the way they are slammed by their legs by Buzzcut), and other references coming from episodes like "Couch Fishing", and "Lawn And Garden". Characters like Daria, Stewart and Van Driessen are your punching bags/allies, whilst Principal McVicker, Buzzcut, Mr. Anderson, Todd and Earl are, like, your non-friends, huh huh.The difficulty of the game depends on your familiarity with the controls and also whether or not you alternate characters. Pressing the A button when both characters are together makes Butt-Head thrust Beavis into the air, which comes in handy avoiding large obstacles. By switching characters at the exact right moment, you can avoid getting any damage in entire levels. There are some levels in which you can't switch, like in Highland High School when you "Chicken Fight", Beavis sits on Butt-Head's shoulders with a bat and has to pummel enemies and balls. Yeah. I said it. There's also a section or two in the game where Butt-Head pushes a cart or gurney and Beavis sits on it firing either a water gun or an I.V. bag akin to a fast-paced version of R-Type (with morons instead of a cool spaceship you can upgrade).You can interact with the items and props in the background, search for weapons and food, and even get quarters from phones for vending machines! You can play arcade machines in Turbo Mall 2000, which is ehhhhh but still fun, and on top of that, when you press the L button when both characters are a person away, you can smack the other character!Not perfect, but fun as hell and highly recommended for the gamer/idiot savant inside you. Now go and pick up a copy!!! Like, right now!!! Do it!!! Heh, heh, heh!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Unlike the other Turok's, this game is mainly focused on multiplayer. Don't have anyone to play with? That's fine, you can duel bots on any of the maps. It's nice to have a multiplayer in which I can play bots because I have no other person to play with. It's definitely a blast though. Tons of futuristic guns and maps to play. It's not quite as good as the Quake games, but there is still plenty of fun to be had.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is awesome!! and is one of the best horror games .It takes a while to get in to,but once you do,you will love playing this game.It is a really long game 70 to 80 hours with very complex levels and has a great mature story line.The voice acting and story is one of the best i seen in a video game.The graphics are really good and is the best looking version out of the N64,PS1 and PC.The music and sound effects are really good and will scare the hell out of you.It is one of the most mature game you will ever play and no one under 17 should play this game.prediction:4
reviewText:Cant really describe it, from the look of it its just an ordinary action adventure game with shooting and platforming. But what really got to me was the atmosphere,music and characters. There all strangely intriguing that's not to say the gameplay is not up to par because it is. It plays like a cross between the legend of zelda and soul reaver. So picture a game with dark sinister levels with crazy characters, with voice acting and gameplay reminiscent of legend of zelda that what shadow man is. But this review doesn't do the game justice i urge you if you have an dreamcast or a PC give this game a go its a gem and its something you'll have to experience yourself. It has flaws that are common in the gameplay genre but its perfectly adamant from start to finish and there's replay value in the collecting department. Must have if your a gamer from the 90'sprediction:4
reviewText:I own both the Playstation 1 and the Dreamcast versions of this game, and the differences between the two are night and day.  I can't really fault the shortcomings of the PS1 version given the hardware capabilities of that console (it was simply too much game for the box and it suffered as a result), but then it must be said that the Dreamcast version runs SO much smoother and looks several times better graphically.  There just is no comparison.  Shadowman shows off the strengths of the Dreamcast better than just about any game designed for it.Given the tragic fate of the Dreamcast and Sega's announcement that they were not going to develop any future consoles, only games (I remember being extremely frustrated on hearing that because the Dreamcast is STILL a damned good system that had a lot going for it, having a 200 megahertz processor, 16 megs of RAM and 8 megs of video memory incorporating features such as anti-aliasing; I attribute their patch of rough road on the fact that they tried too hard to be the first 128-bit system on the market and that they didn't advertise it nearly as much as Sony did for the Playstation 2), this game stands as one of the console's most epic titles.GAMEPLAY-5 StarsShadowman is set up on a third-person perspective basis.  The controls are relatively easy to learn.  They're a little basic compared to today's generation of games, but at the time, this was one of the most involved games around.The format of this title is rather hard to classify.  It's set up as an action/adventure platformer and all of the combat is real-time, but there are so many elements that put it in the realm of a roleplaying game that I hesitate to call it anything else.  There is no system of 'experience points' for it that allows you to accrue and improve your abilities or statistics such as Strength, Intelligence or Finesse, but over the course of the adventure, you perform activities and acquire things that up your health, your 'level' (if it can be called that), and grant you additional powers you didn't have at the onset.  Your gear also gets truly b*tching after a while, particularly in regards to some of the projectile weapons and the magical voodoo artifacts you end up acquiring.  As you improve, so does the challenge level, not only in puzzles or the number of creatures you might face in an area but in the type, some spirits of which are undoubtedly tougher than the area's original inhabitants.  There's also the length of the game.  At the time of the Dreamcast's presence on the market, the average game length was around 5 to 8 hours.  It's possible to log in over 50 hours on this one before seeing its end.  Not only are the domains you roam around in large enough -and convoluted enough- to get lost in easily, when you improve your powers, you can backtrack and explore places that weren't previously accessible, adding an additional level of depth to an already deep game.  You don't sit down an expect to finish Shadowman in a day or two, even if you have that kind of time.  Key word:  patience.STORY-5 StarsThe game itself is based on the long-time running comic book series also titled 'Shadowman', and its theme is as dark as it gets.  It ain't your kid's Saturday morning cartoon show.  You play Michael LeRoi (French for 'the King').  He's a daytime cab driver, nighttime savior of Liveside, the name used to refer to the world as we know it.  He's angst-ridden in the extreme and has ample reason to be so.  The backstory is:  after accidently causing the death of his kid brother before giving up on life and falling into the gutter, Mike's been tricked into his role of protector of Liveside by a hundred year-old mambo priestess (who looks like she's about twenty; voodoo magic, man!) who infuses his body with the Skull of Shadows.  This artifact transforms him into a fearsome undead creature at night, unable to truly die, bound to do the priestess's bidding whenever she commands it.  For payment, he gets a little somethin' somethin' on the side (if you know what I mean) which in turn helps her to keep her youthful appearance.  Resigned to his fate, and not really wanting to turn down a little horizontal aerobic exercise, he takes up the mantle of hero, unthanked and unloved by a largely unknowing society.Before the turn of the twentieth century, one of the most notorious serial killers known for his day, Jack the Ripper, prepares to commit the ultimate sacrifice in the pursuit of his art.  His hand is stayed by the appearance of an avatar in the form of a well-dressed man bearing a cane with a powerful, haunting voice and blood streaming from his mouth; Legion, who is possibly the angel of death, possibly something else.  He commissions Jack to construct an enormous engine of destruction, designed to usher in the end of all things Liveside, in the only place it can possibly be built; Deadside, the place we all go to when we depart our mortal coil.  Jack agrees.Fast forward to the present.  It's a hot summer night in New Orleans and Shadowman is laying in bed with his priestess lover when she starts to receive disturbing visions and sees this as a sign of dark things coming.  She sets Shadowman on a mission to rectify things.  He begins his trek starting out through the lonely twists and turns of Deadside.The story that Shadowman encompasses is one of the most intricate that I've seen in a video game and is worthy of any horror feature film.  You end up going against several different serial killers (and I have to believe they were modeled on real life examples, considering how absolutely twisted each one of them are) who have been transformed into heralds of the apocalypse.  They are the prophets of darkness and the only way they can be destroyed is when you are in your incarnation of Shadowman; you can't actually hurt them as Mike LeRoi.  The saying goes that sometimes you have to be cruel to be kind and through your quest you make it possible for the coming storm to occur in order to be able to halt it.SOUND-5 StarsThe differences between the PS1 version of this game in sound as opposed to the Dreamcast port are unbelievable.  The higher amount of channels results in a MUCH crisper, clearer, richer production.The voice acting is awesome.  The characters come across as natural real-life humans (or demons, as the case may be).  The sound effects are not overdone and simply add to the ambience to add to your unease as you wander around a derelict apartment, a prison, the bayou and the dark corridors of Deadside.The music score is vintage voodoo African fare where applicable.  There are some downright CREEPY tracks, such as one that starts out as a music box jingle with a baby laughing in the background, progressively getting worse as the baby starts screaming and a dentist's drill whirring and splatter sound effects are introduced as it continues to play.GRAPHICS-5 StarsAcclaim touted the introduction of the 'Vista' engine at the core of their graphics design for this game, which enabled you to see all the way to the horizon with no visual pop-ups or fade in.  The hardware strength of the Dreamcast allows the game to take full advantage of the engine's capabilities without the framerate choppiness that's present in the PS1 version.  The visuals might seem a little dated (there were no true physics in games up to that point and for a little way past, so everything reacted in the same fashion) compared to what the current generation of consoles can put out, but at the time, they were second to none when considering Shadowman's scope.  The moodiness of the graphics also only serves to enhance the edginess that this game exhibits.REPLAY-5 StarsGranted, it IS the same game each time you go through it and with the dearth of online play, some might consider the replay lacking, but online gaming was just coming into its own back then, so I can't really take marks off for that.  Also, the length of time coupled with the stuff you get to do make Shadowman worth more than one playthrough.OVERALL-5 StarsThis was one of the first truly adult-themed games for a console and with the length of research the developers went through (for example, they visited Gardell County jail in Texas and toured it; they said the staff was very gracious and more than helpful, going so far as to provide them with blueprints to the facility to aid in the level's design) to bring this game to life, it's worth more than one time around if you're in the mood for a few chills.  It's a shame Acclaim went under, because this game marked them as one to watch.  Two thumbs up.prediction:4
reviewText:The dual strike is the best controller ever made for first-person perspective. I'm currently playing Deus Ex and am able to crawl around, shoot and gather with great precision because of this controller's unique two-handed motion. I've found it ergonomic (no sore fingers) and natural to use. Plus it lets you program any function to any buttons. Truly a well-designed product!prediction:4
reviewText:I found my Siderwinder:Dual Strike at a local Biglots for $10. It was and still is the best damn controller I've ever had. Though I do have a gripe about the hatswitch. I not only used my DS to play driving games like Need For Speed and Knight Rider, but I also used it for my SNES and Game Boy Advance emulation. I configured the hat to be my D-pad, this worked for a while and I was happy until the switch broke off.Now it has a screw in it, and the up direction doesn't work anymore. I still use the controller but only to play racing games and Quake. My suggestion to Sidewinder would be to make a different version of this gaming tool but with an NES cross-type directional pad instead of the hard plastic hat. Aside from that one defect this controller kicks the crap out of any game-pad or wheel that I've ever used.You can map any button to any key. You can use the swivel as your mouse, which is very useful in First Person Shooters. You can also use the shift key which can allow you to have two different functions for one button. Being able to map buttons to keys is great for ZSNES or any game that will let you choose which key does what.Maybe if we sent enough emails to the Microsoft people they would remake this awesome controller.prediction:4
reviewText:Yes,it may look neat and attractive,but trust me,it is not worth it! The glare from the light covers the entire screen ofmy GBC and makes game play impossible. And,if you try to cooperate with it,it just gives you a big headache. I guess playing in the dark is just not a good idea for now,prediction:4
reviewText:I've been playing the Myst games for years, they never get old. I left a review for the DVD Trilogy Box-set for the Myst series, so I thought I should review each individual game as well.First off, Myst is a classic. Of course, even with revisions, it is completely outdated. But the intrique and spark is still there. Beautiful scenery and lush sound. I wouldn't recommend this to first person shooter fans. But I'm a big first person shooter fan I still find Myst to be an excellent adventure.Dig in and enjoy.prediction:4
reviewText:When I picked up Myst III (to be played who knows when - I have a five-year backlog) the package also contained Myst and Riven. I first play Myst about 10 years ago, so I decided to load up and play it. The Masterpiece Edition is updated with better graphics and some hints but no new content and ran in Windows 2000 with the Windows98 compatibility mode with no problems. Because I replayed the game in about ten hours or so it is difficult to meaningfully comment on gameplay. Secret doors and the infamous underground railway give most players the hardest time and I will admit having problems on the railway. Anyone having problems can google for hints and tips.Regardless of difficulties, Myst is one of best games ever made especially for casual players. I rarely give five stars.prediction:4
reviewText:First thing I have to say is Everyone who mentions Half Life in a review is a moron.  I admit that game is good but if you like it so much what are you doing playing a new game.  Sorry if this offends you but this game is not supposed to be Half Life.  Thank you.Second I love this game.  The  Graphics and the story is pretty good.  The GHOUL system is great because  you can shoot different parts of the body.  I love when I play games and  shooting a guy in the head will cause more damage then a shot in the arm.  that is just common sense.  but what if I shoot them in the foot?  they  will still be hurt and probably hop around like mad in Real Life as in This  game.The Story is great. you have to see it to understand, but yes it is  the usual mad guy who wants to blow up the world.  The Problem is that that  story is used alot in HollyWood but not nearly enough in Games.The  Sound is ok. But nothing special.And Finally The gameplay makes you feel  like A soldier of Fortune, not a Infinate strength grunt.  You play this  game alone, there is no help from a partner (in the Single player).  Also  you can have only a number of Guns in your back pack and a number of items.  Plus there are many different factors on the skill levels.  each level is  progressivly harder.  And then there is the Sound issue.  If you shoot  rockets at everyone won't they notice?  well not in most games. but in the  hardest two difficulties you will notice you have to try to be quiet (which  is hard but possible)  That is what makes this game,  the innovation in  Gameplay.  Look beyond the Blood and see innovation which have never been  done before....thanks.prediction:4
reviewText:I love this game. It's really fun. It's completely different every round, capturing better pokemon pictures, and experimenting with pokeflutes, pokefood and pester balls and seeing the reaction to different pokemon. But i'll say it again: Not worth purchasing. I rented it and the [price] was worth it.  The [Price] is not worth this game that gets old within a week. You already know all the secrets, you have a gazillion pictures of pokemon, you may of even printed them on stickers, i mean your through. Its a real fun game and I love it but it's not worth more than [price]to keep.prediction:4
reviewText:Love Pokemon? Definitely a great purchase. I missed playing this game when I was younger and looked forward to playing it again.You take pictures of pokemon, throw apples, throw pester balls, and play a pokeflute.There aren't as many pokemon as there should be. Out of the first 150 pokemon, you can only take pictures of sixty-something pokemon. But still, it's awesome. You get laughs from the different ways you take pictures or get a pokemon's attention.All in all, I just wish the game had more to it, because I was able to finish the game in just a few hours. I love it!prediction:4
reviewText:Considering this game is used and cheap now for a retired system, I'd recommend a purchase just to see a type of gameplay that Nintendo never tried again. You are a photographer, and have been hired by Professor Oak to document Pokemon living in the wild. You ride through levels on a fixed track, snapping photos. You have a few items at your disposal to help spur the Pokemon into different actions, which racks up better photos and more points. The graphics are somewhat average, but the Pokemon animate well. Controls are easy to master.So yeah it's very different and very fun, but in the end much too short. You have six levels and a bonus seventh level (that really isn't much of a level), but you see less than half of the original 151 Pokemon. Getting better photos gives the game some replay value, but you can basically see everything in a weekend. But like I mentioned above, it's cheap now, and the novelty makes it worth a buy for fans and non-fans alike.prediction:4
reviewText:This game has so much to it! There is never an end. The very first course, Marion Club, is easy if you have the right drive, height, etc. The second, Plam Club, is a little more challenging. This is where it gets hard. The third, Dune Club, is very challenging! You'll need a long drive with great control and meet area. You may not want to use the special club [this is a club you get after you do a certain task. A place will open up and the club maker will give you a choice. Control Club or the Distance Club. I chose the distance club because thats what was vital at that point. I thought afterwards, I should have chosen the Control Club because when you choose the Disance Club, your meet area and control is not very good. So pick whatever suits you] because you will end you hitting something or getting it in the bunker. The fourth, Links Club, is VERY hard. It has alot of heath which are packs of grass very thick and they are very hard to get out of! It took me a long time to beat this Club. So the graphics are nice, the color is nice, and the levels, scenery, etc; is nice. But there is one more challenge that awaits you. It's the.........prediction:4
reviewText:I put Mario Golf into my brothers Lime Green gmaboy color, expecting mediocrocy. I really dont like Gameboy games compared to the Playstations, and N64's and Dreamcasts etc.. Mario Golf however has amazed me. Its like you are a golfer at a country club entering tournaments and playing other challengers, and rivals. Its like the real thing. The golfing is just 1 part of this great game. Its traveling to different courses and trying to bring a good name, and gold to your own club. The main goal in this game is to win the 4 big tournaments, and meet Mario. Which I havewn't been able to do yet. Yet, I don't get aggrevated, this game isn't impossible, yet you can't win right away. You need to enter, tournaments, practice, get your shot examined, you need to compete in contests, listen to what other golfers have to say, and look for 1-up mushrooms. I play gameboy mainly in the car or on a planride, but this I will play just as much as my playstation. I hope anyone who has gameboy, will go out and buy this, you will be amazed when you see how much fun, and how realistic it really is.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is a very well-done cross themed game.  It is a shooter at heart, but it has many elements of strategy, puzzle, and adventure games.  As twins (Gemini) Juno and Vela, and their dog, Lupus, you are the last of the once mighty Jet Force, a kind of intergalactic police, you must stop an alien infestation against a peaceful species, the Tribals.  The terrorist Mizar, a giant robotic bug, has created an enormous army of bugs to send at you, and if you're not careful, you'll be exterminated.  These soldiers are smarter than the average bug, mind you.  They snipe, duck, execute hostages, and even surrender.  But you have your own tools to rid the world of these pesky insects, including a pistol, a machine gun, a rocket launcher, and a homing missile launcher.  The story is pretty good for a shooter, and it includes a number of puzzles to solve.  The three character system is pretty cool, because each character has different abilities, so you must explore each world with everyone to find everything.  This is no easy task because the worlds are huge!  This game will keep you entertained for a long, long time, because even after you finish the story, you still have the great multiplayer mode to tackle.prediction:4
reviewText:Developer Rare, in its heyday, was like the Steven Spielberg or Martin Scorsese of the game industry - they always put out a high quality title for the public. They've put out great games like Goldeneye, Conker's Bad Fur Day, the Banjo-Kazooie games, Blast Corps, Perfect Dark, and others. Even their disappointments were disappointing only in comparison to Rare's own work; otherwise the game was still high quality. Jet Force Gemini is among the "disappointing" titles. It has the graphical quality of a Rare title and is fun to play, but it lacks immersion.In Rare fashion, JFG is not particularly innovative, but it mixes and matches so many genres it feels unique. The game is a third person shooter that allows you to switch between three different characters, each with unique abilities. In order to reach certain areas in a level requires using a certain character, which means each level has high replayability. Unfortunately, other than the one unique ability, the characters are exactly the same. It would have been nice to differentiate them in other ways, such as weapon types they can use. Instead, every character has the chance to unlock the exact same weapons. The guns themselves aren't anything spectacular, either. A pistol, machine gun, grenades, flame-thrower, sniper rifle, mines, and other weapons you've already used in other shooters. With such a neat fantasy world, Rare could have at least thought up some original weapons to use. Some of the more unique weapons include a plasma shotgun, shurikens, and fish food, but these are still hardly original.Unsurprisingly, the game is a platformer as well as a shooter. As in most platformers, the camera can be an issue, since it is always directly behind you and can't be moved manually to get a better look at jumps. But platfomers are generally more than just games that have you jump from platform to platform. They also involve exploring and collecting, which is my favorite part of the game. You can explore each level to find tribals, weapon upgrades (to increase maximum ammo), multiplayer features and more. It's always a reward to find that ammo increase or that last tribal (though the latter is a pain to search for). I found the shooter elements less enjoyable than the exploration, but both are very well done.In all, this is a fun game and I would recommend it. It is among Rare's most unique games, though its quality doesn't quite raise it amongst the echelon of their best. In fact, on the Nintendo 64, it's on the low end of the scale for them. Still, Rare had an amazing run on the N64, creating their best games and making the console among my favorites. Unfortunately, Rare's quality began to go down once the Gamecube came out, with a subpar outing in Star Fox Adventures, and a switch to the Xbox that included the underwhelming Grabbed by the Ghoulies, the decently fun Kameo: Elements of Power, and an inferior version of Conker. Though Jet Force Gemini is a disappointment in its own way, it serves as a reminder that once upon a time Rare's disappointments were still very enjoyable games.prediction:4
reviewText:Emperor Caesar has allotted you the task of building a city and managing its affairs in a certain region of the Roman Empire as your 1st assignment. You are asked to meet certain victory conditions such as food storage targets, a desired population, a certain amount of Imperial Favor, rise in Cultural Rating and so on. If you are able to attain these goals the Emperor promotes you to a higher rank of nobility and yet another challenging task to perform. If not you are fired and that is the end of your newfound career as a clerk.Believe me, this is a superb city building game wherein you start your career as a clerk, completing the various assignments allotted to you and finally get to be Caesar himself. You have to build cities that are prosperous and well defended from unwanted invaders.I played the demo; it was so appealing that I had to try out the full game. Playing the game was such a wonderful experience. I enjoyed every second of it. City building was a whole lot of fun especially when you can learn the opinions of citizens walking up and down the streets of your city. This kind of interaction helps a lot since you get to know what kind of changes need to be made in the infrastructure of the city to create more peaceful neighborhoods, which are the foundations of a healthy and crimeless city.To make your city prosperous first of all you have to see to it that the basic needs of the locals are well taken care off - like providing easy food accessibility by placing a market in every neighborhood. Placement of fountains is equally important for fresh water supply. Their medicinal, educational, religious needs should also be considered important. Another thing you find the citizens complaining about is limited entertainment; so keep that in mind too.The graphics are simply neat. Certain buildings especially the gardens and fountains serve the double purpose of adding beauty to the environment and providing relief to the citizens. This helps to attract people to your city, which means more citizens. More citizens mean more jobs and more jobs mean more buildings to be built to erase unemployment. So far so good! But doesn't all this sound like spending a whole lot of money. Help!!!  The city vaults are running out of money.  This is where trade and industry come to your rescue. Open a trade route with a friendly city and with careful management your city vaults will have enough so as not to keep you worried.Another thing, which might keep you worried, is defense against foreign invasions. Setting up a military will help you against enemy attacks.The game also allows a certain amount of interplay with the Gods who prove to be a major influence on the people and thus threaten to affect the prosperity of the city. Planning and dedicating festivals to the Gods seems fruitful and loads of fun. Make them angry and get ready to suffer their wrath. This often leads to shortage of food or unwelcome problems in trade routes, which ultimately affects the citizens.  It makes them either unhappy or rebels. The first lot usually leaves the city and the latter causes crime.Another interesting factor is that you can set a salary for yourself and you can use the money you've saved to send the emperor gifts in an attempt to increase your favor rating. Not only this, you can also set the tax percentage according to your own will, set a salary for the employed lot according to your wishes etc. But at the same time keep in mind that too high a tax rate and too low a salary are going to affect the growing population of the city. Attention given to such minute details of city management is what holds the interest of the player and makes the game play loads of fun.Some people find this game hard to play. True, city planning and managing its affairs is pretty difficult especially when you have to please the people, please the gods, defend the city and to top it all send the emperor gifts and meet with his over taxing demands which seem totally unfair especially at times when you find your city vaults do not hold enough to meet those needs. But hey! Are these not the very same factors that challenge your abilities as a good administrator and thus keep you interested all through the game and make it unique?The game challenges your capabilities as a good builder and administrator. You have to supervise the affairs of the city and its citizens. You have full freedom to make decisions on the local, financial and military issues of the city to make it a prosperous one, but at your own risk coz if you fail to do so you are apt to suffer the Emperor's wrath.Playing this game was a rich experience to me. I found myself in a totally different world, a different era. You get to learn so much about the History of Ancient Rome.This is my first game by Sierra and I am totally addicted to it. I still have to try out the others. All in all it's a great game. Nothing less can be said about it.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is almost like Age of Empires and SimCity put together.  You are a governor of a province and start as a citizen and work your way up to caesar.  Many people say this game is hard. It isn't.  I have never once  failed a mission, but I have suffered the consequences of disobeying Caesar  and the Gods.  Each province you have different resources and things you  can build.  The houses your people live in are influenced by a couple  things: Water, Food, Security, Desirability, Goods, and Services.  Your  houses start as tents and work their way up to Grand Palaces.  Overall this  is a game that no gamer can be without.prediction:4
reviewText:I played this game for a couple of months earlier this year, and enjoyed it very much.  It was very exciting when you got to the point where you were generating money, pleasing Caesar, and increasing the population.  There are two big problems, though.The first is that the instruction  booklet, which comes with the game, is not complete.  In order to get to  the nitty gritty, which should come with the game, you must buy the  companion "strategy" guide.  This is bull.  For the money you have to plop down in the first place, you should be able  to get complete instructions.The second problem, and the more serious  one, is that the game is almost impossible to win.  Now I expect it to be  difficult, and I don't mind playing a scenario three or four times before I  get it right, but at some point, I would like to be rewarded with a  victory.In Caesar, the goals are usually to reach a certain population  level, and to reach a certain rating in four categories:  peace,  prosperity, culture, and favor.  You can see where you are at any given  time.  So you click on prosperity, and you are at 31, and to reach the  goal, you must have 35.  You click on it, and it says, for example, to  build more theatres.  So you do.  A year goes buy, or about ten minutes,  and the favor improves to 33.  Great, you think, I will win next year.But  the next year rolls around, and it stays at 33!  Why?  You click on it  again, and it says the favor rating is improving.  So you wait another  year.  Now it goes down!  So you click again.  Again it says the rating is  imrproving.  And the following year, it does.  But now it's been forty  minutes, you've accomplished everything else, and you'd like to go on to  the next scenario, especially since you've played this one five times  already.I finally quit in exasperation, and haven't picked it up  since.  It is unfortunate, because all the other ingredients were there.prediction:4
reviewText:Excellent stuff here. Very good graphics, simple interface, and the lowest learning curve I've seen since Diablo. Remember those old commercials for the board game Othello? &quot;Easy to learn... hard to master.&quot; Describes this to a T. My only real problem with it is that the AI seems as if it could be a little more intuitive; places you think your sims will walk don't, and sometimes sims will stroll right by a non-operational place without working there in a city with 25% unemployment. (Drives me up the wall...) But adapting yourself to the AI is rather like being a free-verse poet and writing sonnets; eventually, you'll pick up the nuances. Highly recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:After about 70 hours of gameplay, I finished this game today. And as I look back I think this was a great game all-around. The animation and voice-over is a little cheesy, but you'll find yourself so engrossed in the story line, that you won't care. The graphics are mostly cartoon calibur, aside from a few great movie scenes.The battle system is pretty basic. Enemies appear on screen as you walk through dungeons, giving you the opportunity to avoid annoying random encounters if you are fast enough. Fights are graphic-menu based, and the &quot;view&quot; function allows you to know the enemies' tactics so you can plan your strategies for each fight. Recovery points are all over the place, allowing you to feel free to use your magic and techniques without worrying about using up your MP.The Magic is based on the elements of wind, water, fire and earth, and combinations of two. You can decided which elements you want your characters to learn as you go along, allowing you limited customization. There are also special techniques that combine weapon and magic skills that each character learns. Experience is earned on just about everything. Like most RPGs, your characters' levels increase with standard Experience Points, but your individual weapon and magic skills also earn experience points, which later earn you new techniques and spells.The best thing about this game (and you'll read this about just about every RPG) is the story. The overall synopsis is not incredibly original - a young teen sets out on an adventure and ends up trying to save the world - but the characters he meets along the way are all very deep and emotional. You actually care what happens to them along the way, as you would the charaacters in a good book or movie. The story is very emotional, and you will be caught up in it from the start.This is a great game that's fun to play. It has a gripping story that will guarentee some sort of emotional response if you have any sort of emotions at all. I liked just about everything about it, and I'd recommend it to any fan of Crono Trigger, Wild Arms, and of course the Final Fantasy Series.prediction:4
reviewText:Grandia is simply a gem.  The cast of characters are a little predictable, but definitely distinct and unique from one another.  It is a decent port from the Dreamcast, but I have seen better.+ Level Up System:You level up just like any other RPG with experience points after each battle.  However, your weapon level up upon their usage.  Each character can use up to three different weapons.  Upon leveling up a weapon, something is leveled up such as HP, Vitality, Strength ect.  This is the same for magic.  Magic is first aquired by finding Mana Eggs and using them to buy magic.  Afterwards, the more you use a certain magic, (Fire, Water, Earth, Wind) you level it up, giving you more skills.  This makes leveling up a lot more fun, and even adds to the battles as you need to use certain magics to aquire new skill.+Battle SystemThis is one of the best types of Battle System.  First of all, it is a mixture of active time and turn base battle.  Every enemy shares the same Active Time Bar.  Once a character reaches a certain point, you have all the time you need to select your attack.  Not only that, but certain attacks can affect the active time greatly, sending the enemy, (or your characters) backwards in the active time bar. OH!  And did I mention there are NO random battles.  The enemies run around in the screen with you, and you see them before you come in contact.  Once defeated they disappear.  Come close enough to them, and they will chase you though.+CharactersThere are a few characters that join and leave the party.  However, there are two that stay throughout the entire game, (Justin and Feena).  Each character has their own history, personality, and special movies.  This still does not make for good character development though.  They are highly predictable.  The voice acting and even dialog script is laughable.  Such phrases such as; &quot;100,000,000 DEGREES!  TAKE THAT!&quot; and &quot;OH WIND, TWIST LIKE A TORNADO!&quot; seems a little cheesy for me during battle.+Graphics:The graphics are decent, but there's nothing special about them.  The world is in 3D and the camera can be rotated.+Story:The story seems very cliche to me.  A young adventurer named Justin wants to find new quests for himself.  He's a troublemaker and later finds himself on the journey of a lifetime.  He meets up with many new people and eventually realizes only he (with the help of his friends) can save the world.  It is not very unique or at all intriguing enough, but many of the small side stories is what makes it interesting.+Overall:This is a great game!  It's fun and well worth your money.  It claims to give over a hundred hours of gameplay, but I beat it in 47 hours.  Though the character and stories are weak, the gameplay is not.  Grandia II is just as good, and with the hopes of another Grandia to follow, things should only improve.Pros:Great system for leveling up magic/skillsFun battle system!Good length for a gameCons:Laughable dialog and voice actingWeaker story / cliche / cheesy at timesVery linearprediction:4
reviewText:Grandia is a great game all around.  If not one of the best, it is definitely one of the most fun RPG's I've ever played.The first thing which strikes my memory, like so many other games, is the characters.  They are good, fun characters.  If nothing else, Grandia does make you care about them and what happens to them.  Unlike almost every other RPG ever made, there really aren't any dark, brooding characters, or even evil ones (even the bad guys weren't very evil seeming), and I know that will put a lot of people off.  Justin, the main character, is a total jerk.  He's a nice guy at heart, but just a little clueless.  There is some voice acting, which is entertaining, and some of it is okay.  I like it well enough to keep it.  It set the characters well.  There is a little love story, too, which is corny, but it fits well with the rest of the game.  Nothing in this game is very serious.Except the combat.  The fighting system in Grandia is awesome.  It is still turn-based, but instead of just standing in a row, you're characters actually move around, which is important against many bosses and special attacks.  It uses a timing system with an action bar to determine who goes when.  When you hit enemies, or are hit yourself, you move back on the bar.  This is important for strategic reasons.  Basically, you can do more damage with a combo than a critical attack, but a critical moves them further back on the bar.  The special moves and magic system is very well done.  You level up specific moves and spells by using them.  This makes some of your early moves devastating even into the later parts of the game.On a similar note, the experience system is one of the best in the industry (whether or not it is innovative or original).  There are standard level ups, running on the normal experience system.  Then Grandia goes the extra mile and adds in the specific weapon and magic class levels.  When you use a specific type of weapon, you level up in that specific weapon, getting a small stat boost and allowing you access to new skills.  This makes it necessary to switch up what kind of weapons each character uses.  Magic also levels up in this same way, and to get access to new spells, especially the ones which are mixes of elements, you will have to mix-up what kinds of magic you use.  It is a fun system to work with.Grandia has a fairly simplistic, happy plot.  It is not unique by any right.  I guess it kind of is by its lightness.  It really is cheery, and a total departure from dark, depressing insight into the human soul type stories (did someone just mention Xenogears?).  You spend a large portion of your time on side-quests and adventures which have nothing to do with the overall plot, but that was okay, because you are a young, aspiring adventurer, after all.  That, and the combat system is great, so fighting lots of monsters is fun.  The main story is nothing special, but it is interesting.  I did find myself wanting to know what happens.  Despite the general and generic plot, individual events and occurrences are still exciting now and then.The graphics aren't anything special, like most Playstation games that are three years old.  The characters themselves are well observed, done with a high level of detail, and the character dialogue  portraits are neat.  Every character has two or three, expressing different emotions.  Again, nothing outstanding or brilliant, but a nice touch.  In general, the dungeons themselves and the enemy monsters don't look so great.  But then again, I've never really cared much about graphics in RPGs.  Your call.There are a couple things which really makes Grandia stand out above the rest of the crowd.  For one thing, there are no random encounters.  Nobody likes those.  There are still wandering monsters, but you can see them on screen before you have to fight them, and they are avoidable.  I thought that was absolutely awesome.  The music in Grandia was excellent.  I think it is the absolute best soundtrack on a RPG so far.  I absolutely loved it. People who weren't watching would occasionally glance in to see if I was just listening to classical music.  That is a bit of an overstatement, but still.All in all, Grandia is great.  It is an epic.  It only took me 40 hours to beat.  Nowhere near this 90 hour stuff the other reviewers were talking about.  I did almost everything too, including talking to everybody in town three times in a row (one of Grandia's more annoying points).  The dungeons are well designed, if short, and easy.  I had a more difficult time fighting wandering monsters than some bosses (mainly because you can hit them so many times they never get to move).  Anyway, Grandia is definitely one of the most fun RPGs ever, even if it isn't one of the technical best.  And it has Puffy.  All RPG fans should pick it up.  And beat it.  It is great.prediction:4
reviewText:The game wasn't as good as the first one.  Plus, it didn't have the same feel and architecture that the first one did, which made the second installment in the spyro trilogy a little non-spyro.  It's as if the designers were trying to get away from the first one instead of creating a different game but going for the original roots, which I hoped they would do, yet they didn't.  Plus some of the minigames can be annoying and some parts are a lot more frustrating than the first one.  The first one was great, a little challenging yet easy to beat, and plus it was highly addictive.  I'd say that the only good things about the second one is the graphics, which are excellent, and plus certain mini games, (CERTAIN, CERTAIN, NOT ALL.) Anyways, the game is worth the money, but it's still not as good as the first.prediction:4
reviewText:Spyro's first adventure was a groundbreaking experience that took place inside a giant world filled with colorful, breathtaking beauty.  It was *awesome* the way the game encouraged you to roam around many graphically-appealing worlds searching for gems and dragons.  Spyro 2: Ripto's Rage proves to be an even BIGGER journey.I honestly didn't think it was possible to surpass the original Spyro game.  It was truly one of the greatest adventure games on the Playstation.  I can only find a couple VERY minor problems with Ripto's Rage.  Let's get them out of the way:- I think the biggest problem is the fact that, once again, the up and down buttons on the directional pad are *still* reversed.  This means, for example, when you go underwater in one of the water levels, you have to hit the Up button to swim down, and the Down button to swim up.  There's a couple other places in the game where the controls are reversed, too.  As far as I know there's NO way to change it to normal.  None of this may seem like a big deal but there's certain obstacles in the game that require you to move quickly through the water, and you want *everything* to be as perfect as possible while you swim to your destination, but thanks to the controls, it won't be easy.  Personally, I've never been able to adjust to it- every so often I will forget that the up and down buttons are reversed when I enter a water or flying stage, so I might swim or fly STRAIGHT into an enemy.  It's mind-boggling to me why the game creators haven't corrected it, or at the very least, gave the player an option to change it.- I find it slightly disappointing that, this time around, every stage has exactly 400 gems.  In the original, each stage had a different amount of gems for you to locate, which made Spyro's first adventure seem like more of a mysterious guessing game.  Not really complaining, though.- A TON of cutscenes are included in Ripto's Rage.  You can skip over them if you want, but I'm amazed that EVERY level has a cutscene in the beginning of a stage and another cutscene after you successfully complete the stage.  Don't worry, Ripto's Rage is still a huge game, maybe even bigger than the original.  In other words, the cutscenes don't suck up all the space on the disc.  Ignoring the cutscenes you STILL have a lengthy game.- This brings us to the next minor problem: the reason we have so many cutscenes is because each stage has a different odd-looking creature living in it, and these creatures (who happen to speak English very well) always want to discuss with Spyro the problems inside their world that they'd like you to fix for them.  Just the fact that EVERY stage features a different talking creature is both a good and bad thing.  A player might think Spyro 2: Ripto's Rage is throwing in TOO MUCH and therefore, you may assume you need to try and remember all the characters you come across in order to follow a story (which isn't true because once you complete a stage, most of the time you never see that character again, so please do NOT worry about having to follow along to any kind of complex storyline).  BUT, on the other hand, all sorts of wild-looking talking friendly creatures communicating with Spyro makes the game THAT much more adventurous.Those are the only complaints I can find, and when you think about it, those are pointless complaints because the game does so many things right.I honestly believe the challenge has been increased significantly in Spyro's second adventure.  Instead of three or four dragons scattered throughout each stage waiting for you to find and rescue, you now have to search for three or four bonus games per stage and you HAVE to successfully complete most of them, which would be an extremely positive thing EXCEPT for the fact that a small handful of these bonus games are REALLY hard to complete.Each time you complete a bonus game you receive an orb.  There's 64 orbs in the game total, and to reach the final boss, you're required to find 40 of them.  In my opinion, probably no more than 10 bonus games are impossibly hard so you SHOULD be able to go through the stages, collect 40 orbs, and beat the game.  Just don't expect to get all 64 orbs because, again, some of those bonus games are difficult.I'm not knocking the bonus games.  After all, it's more interesting to tackle a creative and exciting bonus game than to simply walk up to a frozen dragon and rescue him, like in the original.  In Spyro 2 you don't know WHAT kind of bonus game you'll encounter, which makes the game overall one notch better than the original.  To give a few examples of the bonus games you play: one of them has you playing hockey on ice where you have two minutes to make five goals, another bonus has you trying to quickly burn eight dangerous dragons before they eat the good guys (don't even ask me WHAT these good guys are supposed to be- let's just say they're friendly people that really love you!) another bonus stage has you swimming through rings.  A whole bunch of creative, interesting bonus games await you.  Even if you lose at some of them, you will want to try them again because they're so much fun.People who are familiar with the original might be confused when they reach the end of the game and realize that they only explored three worlds.  The original game featured five worlds, however, the three worlds in Ripto's Rage feature more stages.  So it balances out.The graphics are *exactly* the same as the original.  I can't find a single improvement, or at least, anything different.  The exact same graphic engine.  Oh, and thankfully the creators remembered that very important option to change the camera angle to "active".  VERY important!Stewart Copeland from the rock band the Police returns and succeeds with another fantastic soundtrack.  Another all-around excellent job.My favorite thing about this game are the three boss fights you encounter at the end of the three worlds.  All three of these bad guys are EXTREMELY AWESOME to fight (sorry, I'm in the mood to whip out the big letters!) It is SO much fun shooting fireballs at them.  They also force the player to find a strategy in order to defeat.  You never really came across a boss fight in the previous Spyro game that required a certain strategy.I love the fact that everywhere you go you find LOADS and LOADS of gems and other things.  The levels and worlds in this game are packed with things to find.  Positively PACKED.  A truly awesome game.  The first Spyro the Dragon game was awesome too.  Swimming around really adds more flavor and magic to the game.  Yeah, despite the control problem I mention above, swimming around still manages to be pretty fun.  Of course, there's a lot of running around too.  In fact, there's more running than swimming overall.Pick up Spyro 2: Ripto's Rage.prediction:4
reviewText:Positive:+ excellent gameplay+ smooth controls+ tons of bonus missions and stuff to collect+ fun boss battles+ great level designNegative:- a couple levels really aren't too great- looking around doesn't work as well as it should -Spyro the Dragon was a big success on Sony's PlayStation for many reasons: its excellent platforming gameplay, smooth controls, and tons of stuff to collect. Naturally, a sequel was released a year later: Ripto's Rage. This game further excelled areas that the first game already did well in and brought Spyro into a whole new world, both literally and figuratively. Spyro 2: Ripto's Rage is a really great game that's fun, has a lot to collect, and is just plain hard to not like.After saving the dragon world from certain doom in the first game, Spyro now has his mind set on taking a vacation in the sunny Dragon Shores. However, while he is in the portal on his way to his well-earned break, a professor in the world of Avalar intercepts him. He summoned a dragon to help because an evil guy named Ripto entered Avalar by chance a while back, and now he is bent on becoming the new emperor of the unfortunate realm. With the help of his big and stupid cronies, Crush and Gulp, he has been wreaking havoc in the land. It's now up to Spyro to stop him, as Ripto seemed to mention having a fear of dragons. And for good reason, because Spyro is now only more determined to get his vacation than before.The story progresses throughout three huge worlds, each having somewhere between five and ten levels each. The levels are pretty big, and although it won't take much time or effort to simply reach the end of each one, there is a ton of stuff to do in each and every stage. Beating a level earns you the talisman of the realm, but there are also between two and four orbs and also 400 gems to collect in each level. The levels are designed in such a way that directly leads you to the talisman, but there are so many side attractions within each and every one that they're hard to ignore.Gems are found everywhere: on the ground, on a ledge, inside stuff, you name it. Orbs, however, require accomplishing various tasks to obtain. You may be flying around a cave lighting lamps in one level or saving a prehistoric village from dinosaur hatchlings, but all these side quests earn you orbs.Since there is so much to do in each level, the game can last you quite a while if you go for completion, although if you put in the effort it won't be incredibly difficult to do. It strikes a perfect balance in this area, making for a game that you actually WANT to complete at some point and is not extremely irritating along the way. The grand total for the game is 14 talismans, about 65 orbs, and 10,000 gems.Visually, Spyro 2 isn't bad. The graphics are just a tad on the polygonal side, but they really look good for a game on the PlayStation. The sound is great too, the effects are quite nice and the music is pretty fitting. There is also, surprisingly, full voice acting for every piece of dialogue in the game, which is pretty cool but you'll probably end up skipping it to get on with the gameplay.Spyro 2's controls are very smooth and work almost perfectly. Moving Spyro around feels almost flawless and incredibly smooth, and the button layout is very nice. The only issue here is using the triangle button to look around, it doesn't really work exactly as well as it should but it's not hard to figure out.The game's three boss battles are surprisingly memorable. Hurling explosives at the massive Gulp and outsmarting the idiot Crush is always fun, but the best boss battle of the game is the epic, three-part brawl with Ripto at the end. The last part is especially fun, flying around with the super flame power up, blasting the crud out of Ripto's robot bird... good times, good times.Overall, Spyro 2: Ripto's Rage is one of the most worthwhile games of its generation. It has so much to it with great graphics and sound, loads of stuff to collect and tasks to accomplish, and it's just a game that's extremely hard to not like. If you want a game with lots to do and a great touch of personality, look no further than Spyro 2; even today it's a blast to play.Gameplay: 9.0Graphics: 8.0Sound: 9.0Value: 9.0FINAL SCORE: 8.8/10prediction:4
reviewText:Hi Everyone!I just recieved this as a early Easter gift from my hubby :)  {He bought thihs on Amazon,from a Amazon commited seller} I have been a Spyro fan since his 1st appearance years,years ago.I haven't played any of his games since,well,7-9 yrs? Naw,it may not be all that long,but it has been ages! My last Spyro game I played,was "Hero Tail" on ps2,it was my last game with Spyro,basically because I didn't like the way it turned in his series.Taking out the gem collecting I fell in love with,and side kicks ways as they taught him things,and MONEY BAGS,really bummed me out.As our children grew up,finished schooling,moved out,well,I pulled away from gaming~and just starting to rediscover gaming once again on gaming systems,and on my new laptop.So,when my hubby handed me several Easter wrapped packages-I was shocked~surprised to see this game,practically PRISTINE condition! I was doing kart wheels and sommersaults and whooping it up!!{ok,ok,ok..I was doing those in my head~if I attempted to do them now I'd be typing this from a hospital bed! heh heh heh}....So,after hugging and smothering my hubby to death,and making him his favorite snack{stack of pancakes buttered and smothered with warm Vermont Maple Syrup},I opened up the case,shaking hands,looked at the blue disc,extremely pleased it's flawless,I popped into gaming system....Boy,hearing old but familiar Spyro gaming sounds,watching it go through it's demos,it brought back memories of playing this when our children were home,and we ALL competed to see who got 100% 1st,and figured out any secrets per level! It all came back in a rush :) I actually called up our grown children,babbling like a mom who just got the greatest gift ever,my hubby actually had to take my cellphone,and reassure them all,I did NOT win the lottery drawing,but,instead,recieved an old friend as a early Easter gift.This is a great game from beginning to,well,I'd say end~but I'm still playing it :) The colors,sounds of this game,are fantastic! Playing him on a huge flat screen is even BETTER than the 1st time I played this game,on a old 19"rca color tv{it had no remote control,and was big bulky back that weighed a ton!}I noticed that I have slightly forgotten this game,and Spyro unique moves,but having a blast reenjoying an old forgotten friend.In fact,our children are already begging{2 even bribed dear old dad,in attempt to getting this game to play 1st,when I am done with it! the other one,tried to bribe me with a pogo game~very tempting let me tell you! heh heh heh heh....}.Whether your an old friend of Spyro,or a new friend discovering Spyro,you will love this game! It has a lot of action,and plenty of quests,and will keep you and your loved ones busy for weeks.Well,I have other early Easter gifts to open still,and a Spyro game to play...Happy Early Easter Greetings to you all :)P.S.~ I do advise setting game play time settings,as hours an hours,will go by before you realize it,and your hubby/wife will be in bed snoring away!! Also,have plenty of popcorn on hand-it goes great with this game,and makes a great bribe to a certain puppy{in my case a dauschund puppy},who thinks Spyro on tv is something to bark an chase after! :) :)prediction:4
reviewText:...in this awesome, cool game. If you've played the first Spyro game, then you're probably gonna like the second one.  This game is also a platform/adventure game like the first. But this sequel is even better! How? The graphics are pretty much the same, if not, improved. The story shifts into the world of Avalar and a whole sequence of events occur. In this game, you must collect 64 orbs by completing tasks all over the 3 worlds : Summer Forest, Autumn Spring, and Winter Tundra. This was the first PSX game I ever bought and owned. I LOVE this game and recommend it to... EVERYONE who loves adventure and platform games.prediction:4
reviewText:There are many "buried treasures" in the Playstation One library, which is vast beyond belief, but Spryro 2: Ripto's Rage is one of the very best.  There are few games of this calibur and playability even on the vaunted PS2.  And in many ways, this game is more than classy enough both in conception, and graphical beauty to BE a PS2 title anyway.  Hint, to PS2 owners, add this to your library because as you know, you can play older PSOne games on your system and this is downright a steal at the price compared to some very expensive PS2 games that aren't near as good.This isn't a flight sim, a space shooter, a FPS where you look behind some gun trying to kill, it's not a strategy game (though some strategy plays a part), nor is it some Lord of The Rings type of mythical BS.  It's all about this purple flying, jumping, swimming (and more) cartoon dragon character.  Exploring and learning and collecting within a magical, dreamy, peaceloving, almost Wizard of Oz type land full of beautiful scenery and places, lots of strange characters and creature and things, and lots of pretty psychedelic colors, lights, and special effects.This game reminds me of a 3d Super Mario game, and while easy going (trancy, space-type music plays in some parts adding to the strange otherworldly experience), and a pretty simple platform game, that's its main beauty and playability.  This is truly like playing in a cartoon and not by any means a static cartoon, as the graphics are almost studio-movie quality in animation.  This game genre has been done in countless ways, but this really does rank up there with those long hour killing days of manipulating Mario around, but in a magical, fairy tale land all presented in intense colors and shapes and forms.  While the gameplay in Spyro is so simplistic on early levels that a 6 year old would have no problem with it, in a way, this is a game for all ages, and most 60 plus year olds would probably get a kick out of it too.  I'd also highly recommend it as a game parents can play along with their kids as its so much fun for both, with enough interest and playability and eye candy for both as well.For others between those ages, I can't recommend this game enough as just a pleasant, non-violent trip into a land over the rainbow now and then, and is even a good stress reliever in some ways.  A lot of PSOne games leave a lot to be desired, in these days of the second-generation consoles and higher end PC games, that usually means graphics.  Then again, a lot of the newer (and a lot more expensive) games of this type on those more costly systems, are great looking but lack gameplay.This is not only on a par graphics wise with most PS2 games, but in gameplay as well.  PsOne or PS2 owners alike will not be disappointed in spending the low price of this game to add to their collection.  I had tried lots of PSOne games (still don't have a PS2 but have seen enough to know what they're capable of graphically) before buying this particular game, and it was worth every cent, because for all practical (and graphical) purposes, this looks and plays a lot more like a PS2 game than a PSOne.  My first reaction upon playing this was just, "WOW."This is as good as anything on PS2, Xbox, or Gamecube, both graphically and in playability, period.  Easy, fun, relaxing trips with a goofy little purple dragon and tinkerbell, in a land of beauty and color and strangeness.  What more could one ask from a game?  Buy this now while you still can, whether you have a PSOne OR a PS2.  This is a real gem of a video game, for the kids, and for those so-called "adults" out here who are simply and forever will remain, kids at heart.prediction:4
reviewText:I got this game when I got my PSone back in July and I simply love it. If you love cars and just pure racing, this ones for you. With over 400 cars and actual real-life tracks, this game is as close to the real thing as you can get. This game focuses on the pressure to win. No jumps or shortcuts. Just pure racing, the way it should be. Keep in mind, this is not public street racing like SF Rush but thats the way real Gran turismo racing is. I like how you can upgrade your cars to be Crazy fast machines!! The driving is very realistic, and you really learn how to use oversteer and understeer to your advantage. The bottom line is...this game is the one everyone needs.prediction:4
reviewText:Never played any of the Mario Kart games.  Hard to believe ?  Well its true.  But I can say that I love Crash Team Racing.It is a great little racer that you can play straight out of the box.  Easy to pick up, darn difficult to put down.  Its lots of fun with well animated characters and tracks.  The music is light, as if ripped straight out of a Saturday morning cartoon.  Honestly, great for kids and adults alike.  And while I love racing alone, I can't emphasize the true joy of TEAM racing.  Grab a multitap for your PS1 or PS2 and round up some friends.  This where CTR truly shines.  You'll be laughing and bashing for hours at a time.So thanks to Nintendo for coming up with the Kart racing kraze.  And major kudos to Naughty Dog for putting on a fesh set of tires.prediction:4
reviewText:Graphics: 8/10 - Some levels have unclear pathways, but the backgrounds are stunning and the characters are fulfilling in their designs.Sound: 8/10 - It makes all the right sounds for a car. Engine, the wheel, breaks all that sort of stuff. The crashing sounds are good and the characters who speak do so clearly.Value: 10/10 - This is fun to play with or without someone to do so with you. You'll do the same races over and over and you'll never get sick of them. Totally worth the money, Crash Team Racing has the power of longevity.Overall: 10/10 - This is probably the best racing game ever. Yes, including Gran Turismo. Crash Bandicoot seems to be taking over PlayStation!prediction:4
reviewText:Wasn't on my classics list, but had the urge to get it. Great game. I used to play the demo for hours on end. I never really played the crash adventure games but CTR was one of my favorite racing games.prediction:4
reviewText:While I am begging Capcom to reconsider the ground up remake for GameCube I think that it is safe to say that RE 2 Director's Cut Dual Shock whatever ediction is currently the definitive version of the game. The Aarange Mode makes this game slightly more interesteing than the original version, and while it makes it overly easy to play on Rookie mode nothing is more satifying than a rocket launcher with unlimited ammo. Especially on the B-sides when you're up agains the Tyrant who follows you arround like Nemisis does in RE 3, though not as much. The N64 version had garbled sound and grainey FMVs and was just not worth it, but did have one advantage over this version, the optional analogue control. Update the graphics, throw in analogue control and this game will be the best of the series again, but only if it keeps all the fun extras that this one has. This is the version I ended up settling for.prediction:4
reviewText:The series of Resident Evil continues with its sequel Resident Evil 2 on PlayStation released in 1998 and developed by Capcom once again. It takes place in Raccoon City which is the closest residence of the mansion from the first game. This time, the entire city has been transformed into zombies from the outbreak of the T-virus created by Umbrella. You get to play as two characters: Leon S. Kennedy (disc one) who is a Raccoon City Police Officer on his first day of the job and Claire Redfield (disc two) who came into town to search for her missing brother Chris Redfield who was one of the main characters in the first Resident Evil game. Both characters get their own set of weapons and storylines, but it doesn&#8217;t matter what order you play them in.The gameplay features the same basic principles as the first game. You have to solve puzzles, use a limited supply of ammunition, herbs to heal wounds, carry only eight items, and use typewriters to save. It&#8217;s nice they stuck with the original format of the first game and I wish every Resident Evil game in the series was like this.You get some new weapons such as a bowgun, sub machine gun, spark gun and upgrades to Leon&#8217;s handgun, shotgun and magnum. The aiming feels more comfortable and you always seem to be in control of where you shoot. One downside is that auto aim isn&#8217;t set by default. When you start the game, you have to press &#8216;Select&#8217; to get to the options, select the controller settings and set the mode to &#8216;Type C&#8217; to turn the auto aim feature on. A nice new addition is that the character&#8217;s current health can be determined by their posture and movement speed. This makes it easier to tell what condition your player is in and you don&#8217;t have to go to the inventory screen to find out how much health you have like with the first game. The Item Boxes are back where you can store items you don&#8217;t need and pick up later, but a new item you can retrieve is the &#8216;Side Pack&#8217; which will allow you to carry two more items increasing your total to ten. Both Leon and Claire are joined by a support partner throughout the story. Leon is aided by a woman named Ada Wong who is searching for her boyfriend. Claire is aided by a 12 year old girl named Sherry who was told to go to the police station because of the dangers in Raccoon City. But even the police station is infested with zombies and bio weapons. The enemies in this game are really memorable; there are the lickers who are just terrifying and powerful, especially later in the game. Then there&#8217;s Mr. X who is like the Terminator, he always comes back to hunt you down.The most innovative feature in this game is that there are different scenarios in this game. Say you play as Leon and complete the game as him; well you can then play as Claire in that same scenario to find out the true ending. And you can&#8217;t play Claire&#8217;s second scenario by popping in the second disc for the first time to play as her, you have to unlock it first. So in total, there are four possible scenarios in this game.Another innovative feature is that you get a ranking based on the total amount of time it took to complete a scenario, the number of saves and healing items you use. If you do well, you can unlock some goodies such as infinite ammo for a sub machine gun, gatling gun, rocket launcher, unlock special outfits and three new mini games. The first mini game, you play as Hunk, whose mission is to escape the Raccoon City Police Department with the latest G-Virus created by Umbrella. The second mode is known as &#8220;Extreme Battle&#8221; in which you play through the entire map of the game and you have to locate four special bombs to destroy the T-Virus in Umbrella&#8217;s Lab before it can cause a lot of damage. You get to play as four characters: Leon, Claire, Ada and Claire&#8217;s brother Chris. Each has their own set of weapons and you can adjust a difficulty setting to fight stronger monsters including bosses from the regular game. The third and final game mode is called &#8220;Tofu&#8221; and it is the strangest mini game I have ever seen. You play as this giant block of Tofu (Yes, I am dead serious, a giant piece of Tofu) and in terms of the objective it&#8217;s the same as Hunk&#8217;s mission except you play as Tofu, who is only equipped with a combat knife, so it makes this mini game very difficult to complete. I&#8217;ve completed the mode as Hunk, but never as Tofu. The good news however is that Tofu takes a lot of hits to kill so basically the only way to complete this game is to run. Don&#8217;t even bother fighting the enemies, the knife in Resident Evil 2 is just extremely weak and isn&#8217;t worth the time. Still this mode is worth playing just for the amusement factor because Tofu says some funny Japanese phrases whenever he gets hurt. It&#8217;s funny, even though I can&#8217;t understand it. It is also pretty difficult to unlock, you have to get an A ranking at least six times to play this mini game. For the Extreme Battle and Hunk, you only need two A rankings.One thing I didn&#8217;t mention yet is that the music is really awesome. It has orchestral themes and even opera themes and it fits the game very well. There were many different versions of this game. There was an updated version on PlayStation called Resident Evil 2: Dual Shock Edition which is the same as the regular game except it supports the PlayStation&#8217;s DualShock controller&#8217;s analog stick and vibration function. The Extreme Battle Mode I mentioned is exclusive only to the Dual Shock Edition. There&#8217;s also a &#8220;Rookie&#8221; mode which gives the player a Machine Gun with infinite ammo at the start of the game, but you can&#8217;t unlock the other mini games playing this difficulty even if you get an A ranking, you have to play Normal mode to unlock them. Another cool thing about the Dual Shock Version is you can use a cheat code to give yourself unlimited ammo. You just go to the control settings, hold R1 and press square repeatedly until the icon turns red. This version was later released on the PlayStation Store as a PS One Classic on the PlayStation 3.There were also ports on the PC and Dreamcast with slightly better graphics, higher frame rate and an art gallery. There was even a port on the Game com. It was a s***ty 2D black and white handheld console by Tiger. That port is just pathetic; I&#8217;m not even going to discuss it. The best port however is the Nintendo 64 version. The sound on the Nintendo 64 version is better than the PlayStation&#8217;s version, it has updated graphics, new costumes, a setting to adjust the violence and blood color, a more responsive aiming control scheme, new files, cheat codes to give you infinite health and ammo and the most interesting feature of all is a randomizer to place items differently during each playthrough so it definitely has more variety. The only thing it&#8217;s missing is the Extreme Battle mini game. But this port is equally as good as the PlayStation&#8217;s version.Any criticisms I have with this game? Well it&#8217;s hard for me to think of things I don&#8217;t like about this game, I guess a minor criticism is that you can&#8217;t skip the in game cut scenes, you couldn&#8217;t do that in the first game and it&#8217;s a minor annoyance when you already played the game a million times like I did and just want to get through the game. The problem most people have with this game is the beginning. You start the game surrounded by about ten zombies with a slow handgun. The first time playing, you only have a few seconds to figure out the controls until the zombie&#8217;s corner and kill you. It definitely sounds like a terrible idea to start next to the zombies. My strategy is to just run away. Hold square, press up on the d-pad to run and use up-left and up-right to get around the enemies. Once you figure that out, it isn&#8217;t too hard to get past the zombies and give yourself some breathing room. It did take me a while to figure out the controls but I&#8217;ve mastered it and you can too. The voice acting in this game is much better than the first Resident Evil, but still nothing too special. That&#8217;s about all the criticisms I can think of.When I was a kid, I used to play the s*** out of this game and in my opinion; this is undeniably not only the best Resident Evil game, but the best survival horror game and one of the best PlayStation games I have ever played. This game still manages to be very scary, if you&#8217;re playing this for the first time, you are guaranteed to be so scared; your heart will burst out your chest. Trust me; I had my jumps even to this day. It&#8217;s more fun playing this game alone in your room in the dark, with the volume turned up. This makes for a terrifying and memorable experience. I absolutely love this game, it&#8217;s just a masterpiece. I&#8217;d recommend getting the version from the PlayStation Store to play on the PS3 for only $6, or the regular PlayStation version or the Nintendo 64 version. Those are the best options. The replay value is very high for me and I could play this game at any time. You will admire this game and it&#8217;s by far the best in the entire series.FINAL RATING: 10 OUT OF 10prediction:4
reviewText:Both a technical and narrative wonder of its day, this game easily set, and in a way continues to set, the standard in modern-day gaming.To start off, this game is gorgeous. It's backdrops are stunningly real and complex, its movement quality is superb, and William Birkin, the big baddie is designed better than most Hollywood creations I have seen.  True, I would be lying if I didn't admit to the game's visuals as being outdated by today's standard; shattering glass and blood effects do look rather silly today.  However, coming out only a couple of months after Final Fantasy VII, one can see a character model boost.  Once one person said that graphics become outdated, but art remains the same -- these locations aren't polygons, or large sprites, they're coplete sets!Another aspect I really loved is the sound. Let me tell you that I bought the soundtrack when it was on sale, thinking I would never really listen to it much. Then I learned why in the end credits THREE composer names were mentioned, the music is actually grand. The ambiant music is terrifying by itself, and the music during the scenes is quite amazing, and the end credit theme of scenario 1 is a very powerful track, I have yet to hear an equal, even from Hollywood and Squaresoft. Also, while the voice acting needs work here and there, it is a serious improvement over the original, and Paul Haddad, who plays Leon Kennedy suits the character and tone extreamely well.Finally, lets talk movie aspects: story and atmosphere. Both: great. The story is rather unique, twisty, and sometimes powerful.  Strangely, I felt a lot of emotion from Annette Birkin most of all (the zombie creator's wife); I could feel the love she held for her dead husband (who didn't necessarily mean to kill thousands of people), and as I played over and over, I went from hating her to actually feeling really bad for her. Also, one particular character dies in two different ways (the two scenarios), and both scenes are very strong and movie worthy. Both scenes feature great music, and she dies in a different way, with the drama being delivered to you in different ways (you have to see it to understand, I can't explain well enough myself).All in all, if you truly understand it, this is one of the few games that can be best described as an experience, as you watch it as much as you can play it, yet it still focuses on gameplay. My freind Sean owns this game, and can't stand playing it, yet he refuses to return it, since watching this game being played by someone else truly is just as good; he's proven it to me by sitting and not even looking away from the TV as I play for hours at a time when I play and he's around.prediction:4
reviewText:Ever wondered what it would be like to run from the police instead of just pulling over when those pretty red lights are in your rear view mirror?  Well Driver lets you do just that.  You are the wheel man in this great game.  You start out as ex-stockcar racing driver who is hired by the local law enforcement to go undercover and infiltrate the local organized crime.  But when your hired, it seems as though your boss forgot to tell the rest of the force you were a good guy.  You begin in a cheap hotel room with a decent ride sitting outside, a car similar to a 69' camaro.  You get Jobs or missions by answering the telephone in your room.  These consist of anything from giving someone a ride, driving your car through the front of a store window, or even being the get away man for a bank robery.Driver pretty much gives you total freedom to go anywhere in the city you are currently at.  The controls are very simple to learn, but for anyone who wants to realy experience this game I would advise buying a steering wheel, it realy enhances the game play.  The actual game is pretty tough, the police can downright be insanely tough to get away from.  The graphics are wonderfull, providing great eye candy around every corner.  While you drive around, the game records your every move letting you later on make a movie of your most recent drive.  The options in this director mode are wonderfull.  Enabling you to recreate those cool car chases from the old 70's and 80's flicks like &quot;Gone in 60 Seconds.&quot;Overall Driver is a great game that will appeal to anyone who likes driving games.  It provides fast furious chases, a mix of different scenarios, and some great extras.  You may find it a tad difficult at first but stick with it, and in the end you will be happy you did.  Don't pass this one up, a must for anyone who likes any type of driving game.prediction:4
reviewText:This... My Friends, Is One Fun Game! I Loooooooooooooove It! I Used To Play It Into The Ground, No Joke Mine Fell Apart. :( The Best Part Is "Going For A Drive" Cuz There Is No Time Limit Or Objective, You Can Do What You Want And Try To Stay Out Of Trouble, But I Cant Help But Speed Past Cops So I Can Put On A Chase!!! Weeeee! I Almost Fell Out Of My Chair When I Read There Was Other Driver Games! I Cant Believe I Missed Out On The Fun!prediction:4
reviewText:I've been anxiously waiting for this to arrive in mail today and planned to have hours of entertainment but beat it in 30 minutes. This is the first Kirby game on the Game Boy which is not only short in length but falls short of expectations from a Kirby game. Unlike all Kirby games, this fellow cannot absorb enemies' powers which beats the purpose of a Kirby game. Regardless it is still enjoyable and you'll encounter familiar foes and landscapes from other Kirby installments.This is still another must have for a Game Boy collector despite the short length.prediction:4
reviewText:I was actually trying to go and get this earlier, but I used up my Amazon money for other games and stuff. And now that it's 3DS e-Shop re-release is available on Club Nintendo for only 100 coins (If you don't know about Club Nintendo, I suggest you join and see what it's about. It's a great service), I was able to go and nab this classic at ease.So, Kirby is known as a pink blob that sucks things up and copies enemy abilities, right? Well, here, since it IS the first Kirby game, you don't get to obtain enemy powers whatsoever. You'll be happy to know, however, that it doesn't affect the platforming experience badly at all. In fact, Kirby's Dream Land as a whole is spectacular.The graphics are some of the best I've ever seen on a Game Boy game, and the music is very upbeat and fun to listen to. To top it all off, the gameplay is thrilling. It's unlike what you've dealt with in other Nintendo classics like Mario. Not only do you run and jump, but you can eat enemies, and spit them out at others! Oh, and you can fly! There are also some cool gimmicks, like shooting fire after collecting SuperSpicey Curry for a short period of time, and being able to fly and shoot out puff clouds during one of the bosses, in a similar fashion to shooters like Gradius.The only issue with this game is that it is pretty short. There are only 5 levels, with the 5th level being composed of bosses that you've previously fought, as well as King Dedede, the final boss. But just because a game is short doesn't mean it's bad. And this game is excellent.Unlike Kirby 64 and Kirby's Dream Land 3, this game is not totally easy, as there's surprisingly a bit of challenge here. Plus, the music sounds best here.Anyways, if you happen to own a Game Boy, a GB Color, or a GB Advance, this is definitely one game to play. Heck, you should buy it on the e-Shop for your Nintendo 3DS (If you own one), or go to Club Nintendo and get this without using actual money (Though this offer will last until the 31st)!prediction:4
reviewText:It is always a delight when a developer listens to feedback and fixes the mistakes made on a previous title.  Perhaps you would have to have played Castlevania Adventure to truly realize how great this game is.  It excels with clever platform puzzles, excellent boss fights, and an endless amount of improvements over its predecessor.Fifteen years after the events of Castlevania Adventure, Christopher Belmont throws a birthday bash for his son.  But Dracula crashes the party, kidnapping Christopher's only begotten whose name is so weird I can't remember it even though I beat this game and saw it in the ending about an hour ago.  While naming his children may not be one of Christopher's greatest strengths, Belmont's Revenge has very few weaknesses as a classic Castlevania game and is far and away the best Castlevania on the Gameboy, besting its predecessor and the flawed Castlevania Legends, which has a story so painful that Igarashi eliminated it from the official canon.Christopher is still anything but fast, however he has adjusted very well to his prosthetic legs over the fifteen years since his last encounter with Dracula.  The graphics best Adventure's on every level: characters are more detailed, backgrounds have improved, and there isn't any slowdown.  This is one of my favorite gameboy games ever, however keep in mind I have a heavy Castlevania bias.While the speed issue was moderately addressed, the biggest improvement is Christopher's ability to wield sub-weapons and supplement them with hearts he can obtain by classic candle-smashing action.  Only the axe and holy water made the cut, but it proves to be enough as Christopher's whip can still shoot fireballs when it's completely powered up, which eliminates the need for horizontal sub-weapons like the knife and cross.  The other missing item is the stopwatch, but gameplay balance would likely have been screwed up by its inclusion.  The holy water gives Christopher new leverage against enemies below him, and the vertically flung axe means Chris no longer has to wait for those blasted bats to descend onto his horizontal plane.  Other improvements include a password save and the exclusion of Chris's whip downgrading after every single hit he takes.  There are a couple enemy types that can cause this to happen, but it now seems like a gameplay feature and not a way of handicapping the player.The platforming is much more forgiving than that in Adventure, courtesy of eliminating the falling platforms that gave Christopher no room for error in his previous quest.  Actually, I'd say the levels themselves are too easy, the game didn't really challenge me until the final two boss fights.  In some ways it's disappointing, but not enough to erase the memory of the frustrating platforming from the original, which basically forced you to develop a very specific technique to get through each room unscathed, forming a very annoying pattern of memorizing level layouts.For Castlevania or Gameboy collectors, this one is mandatory.  A classic vania adventure that is playable, fun, and diverse.prediction:4
reviewText:The Genesis days.What fun.What a joy.How depressing, I'm so old.Anyway....."Altered Beast" came with the Genesis I bought and it's a blast.My first introduction to the new wave of 16 bit gaming and wow was I hooked.Awesome graphics.Great sound.An incredible amount of variety.It's not a very long game but who cares.What is there is a blast.Another one of those long forgotten titles that deserves to be played by today's gamers."Altered Beast" may not be "Pac Man" or even "Sonic" but it's still an awesome game that should not be forgotten.Highly recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:i remember getting my sega genesis for christmas in 89...and this gem came packed with it!  what a great title to launch a console with...sure, ive played altered beast in the arcades and such ..and i was hooked on it from the start .. it was action packed .. a great side scroller beat em up...i also liked the transformation into creatures aspect (plus that morphing screen was awesome)  but most of all its FUN..the genesis version is almost a carbon copy of the arcade classic..  the graphics are  crystal clear and they  still hold up well  today ..for 16 bit, you cant go wrong  with this game ...after getting the genesis  my nes, 7800, and master system collected dust for a long time !even in 2012  ill play alter beast every now and then...and its always a great time..GENESIS DOES ! ...what NINTENDON'T  .. you cant play this on Nintendo!....  i  still remember the commercials..great times.  i wish sega would put out another console.it would be something special..prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of my favorite Sega Genesis games ever! I love the ending and the gameplay is hella fun! This game brings back memories of the 2d, 16 bit graphics days. This game is challenging but if you stick with it it is very fun. I love batmans' moves on this game but I especially love his kicks. The graphics are good for the Genesis but the playability and enjoyment are why you get this game!prediction:4
reviewText:[IF THEE HATES THIS GAME, THOU HATH WASTED THY [DARN] LIFE.  OH, BTW, I'M A BIG CASTLEVANIA FAN.]Bloodlines came two years after Super Castlevania IV and while IV has some better graphics and definitely some better sound quality, it has its own merits. Sure, you go kill Dracula... so what? Actually, the plotline itself is a refreshing change from the others. In this one, you can choose to be either John Morris or Eric Lecarde, which allows a different change of pace of having just one character to start off with (faintly similar like Castlevania III for the NES, except in that game you start with just one). The graphics are essentially good for the Genesis, so I have no complaints (YES, they're better than the NES).Overall? A great game. It may not touch Symphony of the Night, but this game is ESSENTIAL to any Genesis collection. It may be difficult, but it's WORTH IT. Personally, I rank Super Castlevania IV a little higher, but that's just because it's my favorite. Is it better? Judge for yourself. Nevertheless, get it. After all, it IS Castlevania, and you would be depriving yourselves without it.prediction:4
reviewText:Following the lead of the previous year's Japanese-only PC-Engine classic Dracula X: Chi no Rondo (Rondo of Blood,) Bloodlines is highly ambitious in attempting to create a sense of a bridge between the old CastleVania and the new. It even copies the Dracula X Chi no Rondo "boss that throws a ton of the bosses you've already beaten" formula, but it allows you to fall back on the trusty old password system. The game is even, but it fails to rank among the best games in the series for a number of reasons.It's interesting to point out how portions of the level designs were reused for next year's (1995's) Super Nintendo/Super Famicom games Dracula X and XX, respectively. That tells us its designers were strangely attracted to some points of their bizzare little creation.On the plus side, the environments are varied, the music is great for the Genesis (composed by the same person who went on to write the music for Symphony of the Night/Nocturne in the Moonlight) and the graphics are colorful. The special effects are considered by many to be in the same league as Contra The Hard Corps and even Gunstar Heroes, and it certainly comes close.Wait...I didn't just say the graphics are colorful, did I? Drat. The graphics are stronger than many other Genesis games, but I feel a sense of horror at putting this title above Comix Zone or Ecco. Of course, no Genesis titles are truly ever beautiful--ask Rembrandt to paint the Night Watch and then squeeze that into the severely limited Genesis palette. Color and shading is central to CastleVania as we know it today and have known it since 1991 with Super CastleVania 4, and the Genesis doesn't really allow much in the way of subtlety. In order to make up for the low palette, the game's critters are instead drawn in a way similar to your average early '90s Genesis title, in a cartoony fashion.As a result, the game is somewhat bizzare. Ingenious and silly creature designs freely mingle here; from the old standby of the zombie to the skeletons refitted with World War I era helmets, the common enemies of the game look a bit too garish and outlandish for my taste. I like a lot of what is done in this game, and some things (such as the "cut-up" AND upside areas in the final stage) haven't been done again anywhere, but the game gets a bit far off track at times.Of course, the controls are perfectly adequate for myself, but they aren't without fault (each character has a major quirk with their weapons' special function and it adds to the confusion at first). The stair climbing animation, however, is particularly horrid.Konami, as you could guess, can be counted to make great use of that 8 Megabit cart space; the programming gives us something that the Super Nintendo was hard pressed to do: move a ton of large sprites across the screen quickly and easily. The limited space has a drawback, though: if you're used to the modern masterpiece CV games on CD format (Symphony from 1997 and Rondo from 1993; even CastleVania Chronicles to a degree) you'll miss the great amount of interaction with the environment. That's simply a drawback inherent to many titles in this series. For over half a decade it has remained one of the last of the old "barebones gameplay" examples of CV, and likely will remain so unless Konami changes the formula after three GBA games (the as-yet unreleased AoS appears to follow the format of the Metroid-style CV). (And, a year later, I can say it did.)It's pretty hard to go wrong buying this game as cheap as it may be found. While the Japanese version will snag some good cash if you let yourself get hornswaggled, the US version is basically more Genesis ballast to get rid of as far as many game stores are concerned and can be found for a few dollars--even complete or unopened.prediction:4
reviewText:Golden Axe II is a great game for multiplayer fun. It is improved from the original in several ways including being able to attack both behind and in front of the player with one move. The graphics are a lot better and the attack range has improved. The there is a more variety of enemies with varying difficulties and better stage layout. It's not as easy to fall to your death accidentally in this game. The life bar takes more damage to go down than in the orignal as well. The powers can be used at different levels depending on how the player wants it. In the original, when you use the magic, it was all used up.BUT, the original did have more continues(6) while this game only has 3. It doesn't help that continues must be shared between players. So if one bad player uses multiple continues, the more experienced player may end up getting game over first because all the continues are gone.The controls are good, for arcade standards, but I do have one complaint. For some reason, my super controller (the ones with the extra buttons and modes) does not work well. The control pad is useless and instead you must maneuver the character using the extra buttons and even the start button. Yes. The start button moved the player foward. So, if you are going to play, use a normal controller.If you have never played the other Golden Axe game, you should know that players can harm each other but by staying apart, you should be fine working together to fight off barages of enemies.The difficulty is pretty leveled, except for the few continues. If you play this game enough you should be able to learn how to battle different enemies without taking too much damage. This is a must if you hope to beat the game.Overall, it is a great game in the Genesis library. It has a few problems but those can be easily overlooked by the fun that this game provides. It is recommended that you play with a friend as there are tons of enemies that will attack you simultaneously, plus it makes the game a whole lot more fun.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is a platformer. Some-what like Vectorman or Sonic, but you don't shoot protons nor do you run like the wind and grab golden rings for no apparent reason other than the fact it's tied to your life force. No. You go through levels changing into differnt things. Differnt and diverse game play. Fun for the whole family!prediction:4
reviewText:Like I said, a great game. The graphics are great and best of all it is a lot of fun. Some things though kind of bug me. For example, the game play controls are bit "slippery." Sometimes when you try to jump on a block you will slip and fall of easily. I have no idea whether it is the character you are (the samurai, jason, etc) but it does make the game a bit frustrating sometimes. The music is pretty good, although it is a bit repetative. The possibilities of weapons, items, etc is awesome, which is probably kid chameleons best assest (and what makes it so much fun.) Be aware though, this game is NOT easy. It is difficult, especially in the levels where you have to avoid the meat grinder following you! Also it is LOOOOONNGGG! There are at least 50 plus levels you have to go through, not including the alternate levels. Anyways..get this game you will enjoy it for hours and hours, trust me!prediction:4
reviewText:Ilove the original Robocop from 1987 I liked the 2 sequels I thought Prime Directives brought the grit of ROBO back I absolutely hate the TV show and the cartoons I think T1 T2 are great films Arnold Schwarzenegger was killer especially T2. T3 was just couldn't measure up bu is somewhat half decent. TerminatoR SCC is enjoyable. The thought of having Robocop go around an Teminate Terminators was cool in 1993 there was even going to be a film but they probably would have AVPed us. The game on the Genesis plays like  the Robocop arcade games. SNES version was awful I didn't like it it's preferance people. I prefer the Gen version alright 10 levels the first 5 are gory and are true to the hard A** Robocop of the Paul Verhoven flick. All sorts of mayhem like Terminators endoskeltons droids cool gam CC AA BB CC AA BB is all I have to say. 2 cybogs from the future in a game this is a cool game but not the best on the Genesis.prediction:4
reviewText:ah shinobi shadow dancer..this game NEVER gets old...i remember getting this game when it was released...and i still enjoy it to this day...proving once again that the sega genesis was and is an incredible system..having been lucky to play the actual japanese arcade game...i was floored to see how authentic to the title it is..sure there are some changes but its not bad..and this game is a must own if you have a genesis... shadow dancer was originally a" side story" taking place between the original shinobi and return of shinobi..the graphics here are incredible..and really shows off what the genesis can do the music is top notch  especially in the beginning credits ..the game play is fast and exciting...plus this time around our ninja hero  is teamed up with his attack dog yamoto. the bosses are challenging...i especially like the fight on top of the statue of liberty..bottom line if your a fan of the series, and dont own this one..pick it up..youll be glad you did.....  GENESIS DOES...WHAT NINTEN'DONT:)prediction:4
reviewText:Not only is this the second part of Sonic 3, you also get to play as Knuckles! Knuckles has differnt abitlies than Sonic. For starts, he can climb things and glide for long distances. Very fun and challenging Sonic platformer. Get board with the levels but still wish you could play as Knuckles? That's fine! Becaus it also attaches to Sonic 2 and Sonic 3 so you can play as Knuckles. A nice added bonus which takes this game far!prediction:4
reviewText:The third installement of the SOR series! This game is also one of the best walkthrough action beat-them-up style game ever made! You have 4 characters to choose from with one secret character as well. This game is a little different 2 than the previous 2 games since there are multiple hidden paths you can take, and depending upon how you select your path determines the outcome of the game itself, it was a smart addition and added some level of detail for the game. Anyways, the game play in this SOR game might be some of the best, the controls are really well laid out, and are responsive. Each character has their own combination of attacks and speical moves, and also each character has a variety of speical attacks that can be utilized with different weapons gathered through out the game. Another very different aspect of this SOR3 is the music, its very high tempo and has some rather odd time signatures, particularly on the song cycle, and fuze. Then there are tracks that sound like nothing but classic SOR music such as the song Moon, and Poets. The graphics are great, and are the best in the series, particularly when or if you get the 1 of the final levels, the ending shows off the power of the Genesis 16-bit console. Another thing I will say is that the diffuclty in this game is also pretty high, this has got 2 be also the hardest of the SOR games. Play this game on the HARD mode and you will see what I am talking about. Lenght wise, I think its perfect, some people might find it a little long, but I think its perfect in that regards. With SOR you just can't go wrong, and this like the other SOR games is a great example of why the Genesis is a timeless game system.prediction:4
reviewText:It took me nearly 17 years, but I only just finished Toejam and Earl for the first time last night. What a game! And such a simple concept too.The titular characters (a three-legged eyeball type dude and a fat dude) from the planet Funkotron are jammin' through the cosmos in their space ship when they are marooned on Earth. With their ship in pieces we must guide them through 25 madcap levels avoiding loony Earthlings and the danger of early 90s pop culture.Set to a series of hip tunes Toejam and Earl is a very colourful, funny, imaginative and addictive experience that might seem a little dated in the 21st century but has certainly lost none of its charm. Two sequels followed but neither were as highly regarded as this one. There might still be room for a new incarnation of the funky aliens but if you believe the original is the best then download this for your Nintendo Wii immediately.It's also worthwhile hunting down theSega Tunes:  ToeJam & Earl in Panic on Funkotronsoundtrack CD. It's rare, but brilliant.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is easily in the top 10 or top 5 of Genesis games ever made, I would even rate it up there as one of the best games of all time!That's a pretty heavy statement; but this game was a true leader in a lot of aspects. The graphics were great and colorful back then, and to this day still aren't laughably bad. What really separated this game from a lot of the others out there was the unique and innovative gameplay.The whole mess starts where TJ and E were cruising through space where their spaceship was struck by an asteroid (courtesy of Earl's crazy driving!) Now on planet Earth the most wacky insane dangerous planet in the galaxy you have to collect the pieces and rebuild your spaceship. You have to do this while dodging boogie men, spellbinding hula girls, devils, crazy ice cream truck drivers,  warrior Chickens with mortars, angry moms with shopping carts, tattoo sporting cigar smoking lawnmower men, herds of nerds! But you've got the ammo to deal with these punks sling shots! Boombox! Tomatoe Bombs! Icarus wings. You read all that right their are so many different power ups and styles of playing this game it just doesn't get old!I highly recommend this game and gotta give this the badge of a true classic.prediction:4
reviewText:I also played this game with my brother when I was younger.  There was so much to explore, the power-ups were interesting, there was challenge, and it was a rewarding experience to make it to the end, which took a while to do it.  There are some classic moments like &#34;honk of death&#34; alerting us to the crazy ice cream truck that would pop out and try and run us over.  There was the discovery of level zero and falling off of the top levels to make it there to replenish and get sent back up.  What really made this game was going through it with my brother though.  The music was great and we found ourselves enjoying this world together.  It might move a bit slow compared to more modern games but when you take the time, you will find this is worth it.prediction:4
reviewText:Whoa! This game is awesome a lot of 90s dreaded pop culture managed to crawl its way into this game but that's a good thing in a cheesy way. Anyways this game is full of entertaining levels, enemies, fun gameplay, and lots of awesome funky music!This game is much different from the first and for those who couldn't understand the first one might like this one better. The gameplay is a little bit more straightforward this time around. This time the game takes place on their home planet of funkatron instead of Earth, and guess who invaded your turf, Earthlings! So you got fend off the huge Earthling invasion with exploding jars, Super Jars, Funk Vacs (those are handy sometimes!) and other funky alien powers. Also like in the original Toejam and Earl there is an element of search and collect. A little side mission you can collect some of the creature called the funkapatmus (or Lamont is his nickname) and if you can get him to come out at the end of the game its an awesome ending!Overall really good game, and even though its different from the 1st one in terms of gameplay its very similar as it is full of cool characters, power ups, good levels, graphics, and replayability.prediction:4
reviewText:Acclaim managed to make plenty of lackluster video games using popular Marvel licenses (X-Men, Spider-Man, Iron Man, and let's not forget that Fantastic Four game for the PS1), but to this day Sega is the only company to make a great X-Men game (in fact they made two; this game and it's sequel X-Men 2: The Clone Wars).  X-Men manages to catch the spirit of the comic  allowing you play as Wolverine, Cyclops, Nightcrawler, and Gambit while getting assistance from Iceman, Storm, Rogue, Archangel, and Jean Grey.  You go through a number of huge levels, ranging from the Savage Land to a Shi'ar ship to Excalibur's castle to a ravaged Sentinel filled future to Asteroid M where you confront Magneto.  You are thrown against hordes of generic looking enemies, but X-Men is surprisingly difficult and features some great boss battles (including Juggernaut, Deathbird, Sabretooth, Ahab, and finally Magneto among others) and the game effectively uses each character's different mutant powers such as Wolvie's berserker attack and Gambit's kinetic laced cards.  The graphics are sharp, colorful, and surprisingly full of detail, while the controls are easy enough to pick up.  All in all, this is one of the best Marvel licensed 16-bit games ever, but it would only be topped by it's sequel X-Men 2: The Clone Wars.prediction:4
reviewText:Zombies Ate My Neighbors, released in 1993 for the SEGA Genesis and Super Nintendo, has a cult following for a good reason. This is one of the single best homages to schlocky horror films ever made. The gameplay, visuals, and outstanding co-op mode also don't leave anything to be desired. This is a 16-bit masterpiece, and is absolutely deserving of the attention it gets today.The differences between the Genesis and SNES versions aren't exactly minute, but they're not huge either. Whichever version you pick up, you'll be playing the same game for all intents and purposes. The Genesis version is visually less refined, and the screen is a hair smaller, yet the map always being on screen in the Genesis version is something I personally prefer. I also prefer using the Genesis 6-button controller with this game. If you're picking this up, definitely invest in a 6-button controller to go with it. It makes the game play much smoother, and the D-pad is better for traversing the 3/4 perspective.The game starts out in a level that lives up to the title. Choosing to either play as Zeke or Julie, you're dropped in an all-American backyard, complete with your neighbors grilling out, swimming in their pools, and the-girl-next-door cheerleader. The only problem is, zombies are trying to eat these neighbors, and armed with your Uzi squirt gun and your wits, it's up to you to save your neighbors from these macabre monsters.Throughout the game, you'll pick up different items and weapons, appropriately assigned to two different slots. You can toggle between all of your items and weapons with a simple button press, which is welcome, as there are a lot of things to pick up in this game. From rocket launchers, to soda can grenades, silverware, health kits, keys, etc., the item/weapon list is extensive, and this is where the root of the gameplay comes from. It's up to you to figure out how to conserve some of these items and your ammunition, all the while running at a breakneck pace to salvage what neighbors you have left from the undead hordes.Zombies will be the least of your worries, though. Throughout your adventure, you'll run into mummies, werewolves, vampires, giant sandworms, spiders, blob monsters, aliens, giant babies, and chainsaw wielding maniacs, just to name a few. All of these enemies have certain weaknesses that's appropriate to the lore that's been established for them, such as the werewolves being weak against silverware, and vampires being weak against a cross. This system works well, and makes for a game that's far more about running away from enemies to go item hunting than it is confronting them, which fits really well into the horror aesthetic.This isn't to say you won't be fighting enemies, though. At the beginning of the first level, you're given 10 neighbors to save. Save all of them, and you'll have 10 neighbors in the next level to save. Lose one, you'll have 9 in the next level. So on and so forth. Given that these neighbors will die in one hit from any monster, its imperative to either kill whatever monster is running straight for them, or simply running to the neighbor  as quickly as possible. Once you lose all 10 neighbors, it's game over. Alternatively, once you lose the 3 lives you start with, it's game over, though there are hidden 1-ups to collect throughout your trek. In between every 4 levels, you're given a password to continue with. When you start with the password, however, you begin the game with only your bare essential items, and you're forced to restock. This makes dying consequential, but not infuriating. Trust me, this game is extremely hard, but it's always compelling. Considering your only goal in every level is to save your neighbors (as opposed to killing all the enemies), every level is beatable (sans for some boss levels) without taking a single enemy out.This allows for a dynamic experience, and if it weren't dynamic enough, certain item pickups are randomized, increasing the replay value of this title through the roof. Every design philosophy implemented into this game compliments an opposing one perfectly, and that's what makes this such a well developed title. If you take the horror aesthetic and clear film references out of this game, you'd still be left with a game that plays just as well without it. It's awesome that the horror stuff is there, though, as it makes for an interesting game with awesome enemies, weapons, and given the speed you're constantly running at, a very frantic experience, in the best way possible.It's also worth noting that the soundtrack here is incredible. Including digitized approximations of instruments like the theremin as a send-up to schlocky 50s B-movie scores, the soundtrack compliments the visuals, The sound effects of weapons are all very satisfying from a player standpoint, and the added touches like your character screaming "Ow!" when they take damage make this a wonderful sounding game, regardless of which console you're playing it on. The tone is still present in either version, and the soundtrack helps to make up a lot of this game's campy atmosphere.All in all, Zombies Ate My Neighbors is a great looking, sounding, and playing 16-bit gem. Everything included in its design just makes sense. The frantic pace, plethora of items/weapons, and the general feeling of pure fright when running away from an enemy to search for a health kit before losing your last life make this an extremely memorable, extremely fun experience that everyone should try out. Simply put, this is one of the best games from its generation. Add onto it a well implemented 2-player mode that's as cooperative as it is competitive, and you've got yourself an instant classic. Like I said, it has a relatively huge cult following for a reason, and I can't recommend it enough. Given its price tag on Genesis, even for a boxed copy, you'd be doing yourself a disservice by passing this one up. It's hard to ask for a better experience out of two consoles that are over 20 years old at this point. This is an absolutely fantastic game.prediction:4
reviewText:I still own this classic fighting relic, and it will always hold a place in my gaming heart. I was blown away the first time i played this in a local arcade as a young fellow, and have followed the series ever since, even up to the new xbox 360 version which is awesome as well. Genesis version was definatly the version to get unless you had a sega cd system, i found the cd version an almost arcade perfect port, but those arent as common to come by anymore, and honestly the genesis version is almost arcade perfect itself! the blood was available in this version unlike snes (what was nintendo thinkin? lol the gore made this game!) with a simple abacabb code. I still love pulling out my genesis collection every now and then and stompin down on this classic and taking on some friends who had forgotten these games still existed! Hours of fun and 100% replayability, strongly reccomend this and all the other great MK games, the 2nd was always my personal fave, but this one started it all, i will always be fond of this game! Just a year or so back i was working in mississippi and went into a laundry mat to do my wash and they had an original MK arcade machine in there, i whupped it good on maybe 2 bux worth of quarters and even had the owner out there watching before i finally beat it, i even tried to buy the machine off of him, but he wouldnt sell! wouldve loved to have that in my living room!!prediction:4
reviewText:I remember being 12 & spending insane quarters with my best friend on this arcade. We could've probably used those quarters to buy a arcade, ha ha... When Mortal Kombat was coming to the home consoles Sega Genesis & Super Nintendo (SNES) I was very excited! I had (& still have) both systems. I chose to get this game on the Genesis first. It was great! Finally being able to play this groundbreaking fighter at home. Mortal Kombat has 7 characters: Raiden,Scorpion,Kano,Sub-Zero,Liu Kang,Sonya,& Johnny Cage. Each character has a fatality which you can do after winning 2 rounds. Characters also have trademark moves, much like it's competition Street Fighter 2. This version of MK is has pros and cons.Pros: fun gameplayEasy controls (especially with a 6 button controller)"Blood code" which enables blood & the acrade fatalitiesThe code is A,B,A,C,A,B,B. Do this while there is a screen explaining MK's history (stone looking screen with a bunch of words).Fast/fluid action game movement.Cons: Sound is slightly less quality than the SNES version.The graphics are not as crisp or arcade accurate compared to SNES' version.Overall, this game is a good addition to your collection. It's still fun to this day. Though it has definitely aged a bit (it is 20yrs old afterall). It's replay value is going to be mostly in gamplay against your friends or family!prediction:4
reviewText:I still have a funcioning genesis but one of my remotes died on me. the C button wouldnt work so i needed a replacement. this one did the job and i am once agaian enjoying all my favorite games.prediction:4
reviewText:this controller is really a bad idea on segas part, the six button is much more user friendly especially to anyone who enjoys fighting games (such as myself) given i do own a pair of these, i never use them, use my six buttons even on three button compatable games because the only difference is you dont use the x y z buttons lol, plus on any six button genre games that incorporated the using start button to swap the threes functions you loose the pause feature, defanatly not the best controller for the genesisprediction:4
reviewText:I recieved the controller on time, how ever it is not fully functional, only the directional key works, and the start button works from time to time, the other three buttons are not working at all. probaly should have gone with a replica, however i'll give it another shot and order another form another Amazon supplier.. Good luck to us all who put our money and faith into second hand material.prediction:4
reviewText:Ah, Phantasy Star II, made back in the golden age of video games when music and gameplay actually counted, and because of the technological limitations back then, developers had to work very hard to deliver various quality game titles such as this one, and it forced developers to use their imagination and creativity to the best of their abilities, and it certainly shows in this 1989 RPG classic. It starts you off with a better detailed story than most RPG's at the time, and a clear goal for the first 10 hours of gameplay, and the anime style character designs are outstanding and jaw dropping for being from a launch Sega Genesis title, and the music is very memorable as they were able to utilize drums very well, along with other instruments that add to the atmosphere in the game, and the combat system was certainly a milestone for its time, as it was one of the very first RPG games to have your party face the enemy directly in 3rd person view, which was used later in the Playstation era RPGs, and the best added RPG element this game introduced are dramatic scenes in some parts the game that take place, which were also uncommon for RPG's made at the time. This game set the bar for future RPG games, believe it or not. Even though this may not be an Xbox 360 RPG like Lost Odyssey or Blue Dragon, one must appreciate the origins of the genre to fully enjoy it, and Phantasy Star II sure did set the bar for RPG developers in future generations, and I am very glad to say that I did not miss out on one of the best RPG games of all time; so what are you waiting for? Play this Sega Genesis masterpiece as soon as you can!!!EDIT:4/17/2012I have recently gotten back to this game again, and I must say, not only is this the first 16-bit RPG to be released, but it is still one of the greatest games of all time, not only did this masterpiece break the 8-bit barrier, but also revolutionized the RPG genre as a whole by combining amazingly well-animated enemies with a mind-blowing soundtrack, nearly life-like drums, beautiful, rather vibrant manga-style character designs, the addition of shocking plot twists, and natural character dialogue; this game accomplished what the early Final Fantasies weren't able to accomplish at this time period, and the fact that this game was released in 1989 is groundbreaking to say the least, this is a very big deal for the time. This masterpiece is to thank for changing the way we play RPG's. I still give credit to Final Fantasy for starting a very successful RPG franchise, but Phantasy Star II introduced elements that Final Fantasy eventually caught up with, and Phantasy Star II is without a doubt the most important RPG of the 16-bit era, yes even beating Final Fantasy IV and VI.prediction:4
reviewText:It is such a shame that there are barely any good RPG's to play this generation, but this classic has you covered! This game has a very involved story plot with very emotionally driven characters and outstanding manga art style for cutscenes. As an anime fan, I find the manga cutscenes and character designs a real treat, and this game has plenty of that, along with a very emotionally driven soundtrack that will keep you entertained every moment of it, and this game even features an extreme heartbreaking moment in the middle of the game otherwise absent on many RPG's for the Genesis. This game also has the challenge factor perfectly balanced, not too hard or easy, just right. This game certainly deserves all the praise it has received, and it is a shame that many willturn down the game based on being "old" and "overrated" when this game has received abundant praise for a reason. Phantasy Star I, II and III are still wonderful classics that have a place in my heart, but this game has perfected the elements introduced in the earlier games, and has added a greater attention to detail and overall game experience, and I highly recommend this to any RPG fanatic!!prediction:4
reviewText:I absolutely love this game.  It remains possibly my favorite console RPG to this day.  The Macro system used for battles is both creative and economical.  You select each character's action before the battle, set up a sequence, including the order of those actions, making combat very fast-paced.  With macros, it takes no more time to have everyone just attack than it does to have each character use techniques, heal all, defend, etc.  There are even combo attacks, if you're adventurous.The graphics are dated by today's standards, obviously, but very functional.  You get to see your attacks fire, rather than the numbers game of PS3.  I still enjoy the artwork in the cut scenes, which imply motion and character reactions in comic book style panels.  A favorite feature of mine is the "TALK" command, where your party members converse among themselves to give you hints about where to go next, each with her own personality.  Many things they say to one another are quite humerous, and it's unspeakably helpful if you pick up the game after a month or so and don't want to start all over.The game is a little short, but there are extensive side-quests that push it well up beyond average for the day.  It is very well paced, too.  There's little need for power-leveling if you are too weak or poor to move on.  You can usually just do a side-quest and you're right back in business.  Some may say this makes the game too easy, and perhaps it is easy if you power-level and learn all the secrets in combat.  But it's a blast, and your achievements are directly related to your skill at the game.  If you know what you're doing, you'll succeed.  If you don't, you'll probably know why soon enough.None of this would mean a thing if the story were lousy.  Fortunately, this is the game's strongest point.  Yes, it's a good-vs-evil struggle, but what RPG isn't?  You've got some very interesting characters who will quickly win you over.  Rika, the doe-eyed ingenue of the bunch, grows in maturity in subtle ways as she learns both the good and the bad of what it means to feel. Chaz graduates from being Alys' sidekick to learning to think for himself and lead others.Play it.  You need to.prediction:4
reviewText:Long before Final Fantasy Tactics and Arc the Lad, there was Shining Force 2.  This one has an excellent story and great characters.  The battle system is essentially the same used in Tactics but not nearly as complex.  The music is also very good and memorable and light years better than the previous installment.  The graphics are also top-notch.One of my friends introduced me to this game via the Sega channel many years ago.  It's a great RPG and it's sad that it goes usually forgotten (I noticed many people tend to remember the first one more than this one, which is a shame because this one beats the first one hands down).If you happen to come across this game in a pawn shop or gaming store, I HIGHLY suggest picking this up.  It's a great game and possibly the best RPG for the Sega Genesis.  A classic.prediction:4
reviewText:Ah, the love of RPG games just keeps astounding me time after time.  Shining Force 1 & 2 are no different.This second installment has many similarities to the first (i.e. Resurrection of the Dark Dragon), but with a fresh new storyline and characters.  In the prologue, two jewels get stolen inside the Ancient Tower, and a demon by the name of Gizmo corrupts King Granseal's body.  However, Sir Astral manages to exorcise the Gizmo out of his body.  Unfortunately, the Gizmo finds yet another victim -- King Galam!  It turns him completely evil, and so he decides to kidnap Granseal's daughter, Elis!  His evil powers cause a phenomenon beyond epic proportions -- he awakens the King of The Devils, referred to as Zeon.  This is a very long and satisfying RPG with LOTS of soap opera/drama/betrayal involved!!  :)If you've played Resurrection of the Dark Dragon, or even the Fire Emblem series, then you KNOW what happens:  the battle system plays out as your army against the evil, deadly foes.  You will have a bunch of different weaponry to choose from:  sword, axe, staff, arrows, gloves, etc. plus some magic at your disposal.  Be sure to keep your strong guys in the front and the magic users/archers in the back.When you are halfway through the game and you are about to enter Mr. Creed's mansion (this is the battle with the Skeleton army), this is a very good time to promote your characters.  Unfortunately, you have to wait until Level 20 to do so.  However, they will be able to wield even more useful weapons such as the Heavy Lance, Battle Sword, Assault Shell, Buster Shot, etc.  Not only that, but their experience levels will quickly increase.  Moreover, you really need to promote your army in that particular battle because once they've shrunk to the Desktop Kingdom, they will have to face the evil chess pieces on the chessboard -- they are EXTREMELY difficult to defeat, and your non-promoted weaponry won't cause them very much damage.After you meet Mr. Creed, you will be asked to choose one of four characters to take with you into future battles.  There's Karna, the priest; Eric, the knight; Tyrin, the mage; or Randolf the Warrior.  I suggest Karna because you can promote her into either a Monk or a Vicar.  You will eventually be allowed to recruit the other 3 members, but that is only AFTER you defeat the greater devil Zalberd and you find out that Oddler regains his memory, whom actually turns out to be a really bad guy. :(You will also acquire many other characters to add to your army, and you will need to choose whom you bring with you into future battles.  Use the Caravan that Rohde provides you to switch out your desired characters.  Some of the secret characters are difficult to find.  Sheela is behind the Monk's Monastery; Skreech is in Tristan but only after you talk to the little birds in Bedoe (go to the bottom left bushes outside Bedoe to make one of the birds fall on top of you, then talk to the mother bird); Chaz is found on your second visit to Yeel (i.e. when no one is there anymore); Kiwi (the tortoise) is found after Granseal suffers an earthquake and everyone is abandoned); Taya is found after defeating Zalberd; Claude is found after you return to Grans Island (but you have to find his body and attach his Arm Of Golem first); and finally -- Lemon, whom you'll find out much later in the game -- is actually one of the good guys.  :)As for some of the super villains, if you thought that Mishaela and Darksol were bad, just wait until you meet Cameela and Geshp!  Cameela isn't as mean as Mishaela, but Geshp is another matter.  He is not only mean-spirited and mouthy, but he will double cross ANYONE who gets in his way!  You will also have to face the Red Baron and Lord Odd Eye (Oddler in disguise) before you once again meet up with King Galam.  And yes, Galam is still possessed.  The final battle will be against Zeon himself.  Zeon has a wolf like facial appearance, and his attacks are just as lethal!  :(Overall, this is THE premier game to be playing on your Sega Genesis -- aside from Resurrection of the Dark Dragon, and Phantasy Star 1 through 4.  Be sure to download this game on your Wii or Wii U.  :)prediction:4
reviewText:Shining Force 2 is, without a doubt, the best Genesis game ever made.  I first played it on the short-lived Sega-channel, and since then, I've never put it down.  After I bought it, I think I played through it at least five times.  In fact, it was the first RPG I ever played.Shining Force 2 is a tactical RPG, with game play akin to that of Fire Emblem or Front Mission(which I also enjoyed).  It is quite the challenge, and the highest difficulty (ouch!) can give you a run for your money, especially in the later battles.  The primitive though still involved combat system was further boosted by a simple experience and leveling up system.  The final touch to the combat, which really puts Shining Force over the edge, was the attack cut scenes.  For the time this game was made, they blow me away.The overall storyline is rather generic, but for me it took a backseat to the combat.  Some of the different battles and specific elements of the story were very original, however, and added a certain extra little flavor (I dread the chessboard battle to this very day).  One minor complaint is that most of the characters aren't important to the story and join you for no reason.  It isn't too important, but most of the characters seemed cool enough they should have had their own backstory at least, and some involvement in the game other than combat.All in all, Shining Force 2 is a classic RPG.  It is long (I would estimate 30 hours), with nice graphics, a pretty good soundtrack (as good as you can get for electronic beeps), and very entertaining game play.  I highly recommend it to anyone who has an interest in RPG's.prediction:4
reviewText:The game starts out rather easy, but gets difficult fast!  For the genesis I'm surprised to see such quality...let alone a FPS in general.  The story is pretty basic, &#34;Kill the aliens and bad guys.&#34;  Sorta like in doom...the gameplay is rather solid, but like in Silent Hill/other survival horror games...do not waste your ammo!  Hand to hand combat in this game is rather poor...the collision detection is far off towards the AI, but towards you for some reason it is spot on...why?  It is an FPS not survival horror though for some reason they designed it to be a survival sci-fi game giving you 6 lives though...but, when you die you come back as different char...weaker or stronger...with pros and cons in different areas...the only reason I'm keeping it at a 5 is because it is an early attempt at console FPS games...and, I have to give them credit for that.prediction:4
reviewText:I love the way this game gives you the freedom to walk around everywhere.  You can have over 15 different weapons which makes the gameplay far more interesting than I'd ever imagined.You can change into different clothes which actually is important in helping you progress through the game.  It's not a normal style of gameplay, but an interesting one to say the least.While it's hardly the best game you can find on the market, it's certainly unique.prediction:4
reviewText:Spider-Man & Venom: Separation Anxiety is the sequel to the fan adored Genesis hit Maximum Carnage. Releasing as late in the Genesis' life-cycle as 1995, this is a quality beat 'em up game, through and through. Both games play similarly enough as to make Separation Anxiety immediately recognizable as a direct sequel, though there are some very notable differences between both games.Separation Anxiety is definitely a much more accessible game than Maximum Carnage. This is aided by the fact that the game runs on a password system, while Maximum Carnage opted for the &#34;Out of continues? Then you lose. Go all the way back to the beginning&#34;, school of design. If you found Maximum Carnage to be too tough a game, then Separation Anxiety is probably for you. On the other hand, if you want more Spider-Man, beat 'em up goodness, then Separation Anxiety is still probably the game for you.The controls are a bit more forgiving this time around, as the developers were probably being cautious of all of the times inexperienced Maximum Carnage players would inadvertently pick enemies up and not be able to move for a second or two, all the while being vulnerable to a barrage of enemy attacks. The combat here runs a hair slower, in direct comparison, and you have to be much more precise with both your screen placement and web shooting antics to connect your hits. However, this is still a solid beat 'em up that controls much like you'd expect, and for my money, is a smoother playing game than the critically lauded Streets of Rage or Final Fight series.You can choose to either play as Spider-Man or Venom from the start, and the game also supports a really well implemented co-op mode. The co-op is enough to recommend this game by itself, since that's something Maximum Carnage was sorely missing. This isn't to say Separation Anxiety is the better game of the two, though.Personally, what made Maximum Carnage so endearing and memorable to me was its absurd difficulty. If you didn't know the placement of virtually every secret room in the game, chances are, you never saw its ending. Playing the game for countless hours upon hours though, and finally completing it, down to my very last life and continue, is still one of the greatest memories I have from gaming. No other moment from playing video games had my heart racing as much.This is something severely missing from Separation Anxiety. The game doesn't feel as high-tension at all times. It feels as though its lenient on mistakes, when one mistake in Maximum Carnage could have lead you to start the entire game over from the beginning. All of this is due to the password system, honestly, and I'm sure if you want that hugely tough challenge that Maximum Carnage offered, you could opt to ignore the password. The problem being, this makes the game virtually unplayable, as the continue system is done away with here. You start the game with 3 lives, and that's it. No continues at all, so you better get used to writing those passwords down.The visuals in Separation Anxiety fare well for a Genesis beat 'em up. We don't have the flashing lights and insane color palette of the Streets of Rage games, but Separation Anxiety boasts extremely smooth character animations. Every animation here is fluid, and is done in a stylized way that makes the characters appear if they leaped right out of a cartoon. It looks fantastic. The actual character sprites, on the other hand, are a downgrade from Maximum Carnage. They're a lot smaller and not nearly as detailed, and clearly, this was done for the sake of squeezing in as much animation as possible. It's a trade off that does work, and it all comes down to which visual style you prefer.The levels here are more varied than those that Maximum Carnage offered, since it's nice to see environments that aren't city streets for the first 4 or 5 levels of the game. There are parks, which unfortunately look like forests, bridges to traverse, laboratories to fight your way through, and even some shopping mall levels that employ elevators into the level design. There are also some branching paths in these levels, which could potentially lead you to finding extra lives or, what the manual calls, &#34;cameo appearances.&#34;These cameos allow you to call in an ally to aid you in your fight, and there are four of them in total. Ranging from Captain America to Ghost Rider, these allies work just the same as they did in Maximum Carnage. They all have specific uses, but to a lesser degree this time around. You can virtually clear every enemy of the screen with any given ally, which is a shame, as I thought the ally system in Maximum Carnage was handled wonderfully. Knowing which characters worked for certain situations was a blast to figure out. Again, this is sorely missing from Separation Anxiety.The soundtrack here is good for what it is, yet there's no way it could top the awesome Green Jelly music from Maximum Carnage. That being said, I do enjoy the soundtrack here, and I probably wouldn't have been disappointed at all with it if I hadn't played Maximum Carnage first. The sound effects for combat are much better this time around, though.Essentially, that's how a lot of this game comes off to me. It's Maximum Carnage with some downgrades. That isn't to say some things weren't improved, mind you. The co-op play is a great time, the password system could be considered a godsend to some, and the branching paths in levels are awesome to see. It just doesn't have the same brutal difficulty, or charm of its predecessor. That being said, it is a great game in its own right, by all means. The visuals are great, the music does sound good for the Genesis, and all in all, it's an enjoyable beat 'em up experience. It's not quite up there with Maximum Carnage, and possibly not as good as Spider-Man vs. The Kingpin, but it is a great beat 'em up game, and a great Spidey game, by all accounts.I'd say for the most casual player, they could do without this one in their collection when Maximum Carnage definitely has more appeal to it. For hardcore Spidey fans or Genesis collectors, though, you could do a lot worse than this, especially in the beat 'em up genre. It's a solid game, and I'd recommend it to fans or collectors. You won't be disappointed with it. Even as an inferior sequel, it's still a fun time, and if you haven't played Maximum Carnage, I'm sure you'll enjoy this game much more. Don't let the negatives deter you from picking this game up. The positives outweigh the negatives, by a long shot, and this is simply a fun game to pick up and play. It isn't perfect, but it is some great fun, especially if you're playing it with a friend on the couch.prediction:4
reviewText:I had a Sega Genesis back in the day when it came with Sonic 2,awesome system one of the greatest systems around. I own Genesis,SNES,Saturn(sold) Dreamcast,Xbox 360, N64,two Ps2s,Playstation, and Gameboy advance. I recently played some of my Genesis games and a lot of them are still fun like Sonic 1,2,3,Zombies ate my neighbors,Sonic and Knuckles, WWF Wrestlemania, Streets of Rage 2. I like Sega better than Nintendo because Sega comes out with creative games with all the systems like Nights into dreams on Saturn, Soul Caliber on Dreamcast, and Sonic on Genesis. Nintendo has mostly the same type of Legend of Zelda, Donkey Kong, and Mario games with every system.I do not hate Nintendo I just don't really like Mario games and not a fan of role playing games. The Genesis is a great system,but I think people just like snes better at the time. I think Sega is always trying to bring arcade games to all of their systems which is why I like Sega so much.The games are easy to find at used electronics stores pretty cheap,If you like 2d gaming you should get a Sega Genesis.Pros: system and games are cheap, fun creative games, reliable system,6 button controller,Mortal Kombat 1 looked better and had fatalities and bloodCons: some games are hard to find,3 button controller sucks, crap add-ons like 32x and Sega CDprediction:4
reviewText:And the Sega Genesis is one of the best examples of a retro system, along with the SNES and NES.  The product had some scratches but it works great, and the reset button works so I can beat the first X-Men game.  As for the scratches, it's important to know the system is about 20 years old so it'd be very difficult to find one without unless you bought it fresh from the box, but that's be really expensive.prediction:4
reviewText:I bought the Sega because I still have a ton of games for it and my original system had died years ago.Ideally, I would give 0 stars for the product I received but 5 for the system in general.I was very dissapointed to find upon arrival that the machine I received was absolutely filthy, like some slob had been eating over it and scratching it while playing it for quite some time. I understand it is used, but seriously, they couldn't even wipe it off?The second thing I noticed was that it did not come with 2 or even one controller, even though they are pictured for the item.Lastly, I purchased this  because it said it had the composite (yellow, red & white) cables instead of a coaxial hookup, this was also false.I realize these problems are all the fault of the seller and not of the system, but make sure you look into the seller first, mine was 1UP Video Games.prediction:4
reviewText:I think this system is pretty solid system. There were some good games for it and a lot of them. For me, I didn't play this system very much growing up so there is not as much of a nostalgic feeling for me. The particular system I purchased was in a little rough shape as the power button sticks and sometimes does not work. Besides that though, it's worth owning&#8230; then again, I own about every system! I'm biased!prediction:4
reviewText:I think I sold this eventually or something.  It is nice, sleek, but the first model has way more appeal and functionality.  A freakin audio jack, almost implying it can play music files.  A lot of Sega Genesis games have a menu where you can play the soundtracks used in the game.  so if you can get a way to have your sega genesis on while you are walking around..  Just insert which music you want, plug your headphones in and enjoy!  A big gaming mp3 player!  Also the Model 1 has better default sound, it is noticeable.prediction:4
reviewText:I reseved this game when it before it just came out and believe when it hit in 1995 it was impossible to get i PlayStation did one hell of a job this game was awesome i had this game before anyone my friends so they wanted to come over and play it the genesis and snes versions didn't come out till in the further year but i had fun playing my version so thank you PlayStation for making a version that rocks and it's also one of the best mk3s made because i didn't like Segas version it just didn't have it like it should being the new versions and allprediction:4
reviewText:The Resident Evil series has been one of the most successful game franchises of the past decade, resulting in numerous sequels and re-makes of older installments in the series, as well as spawning two motion pictures. But this is the one that gave birth to not only a new game franchise, but a new genre as well.Although the survival horror genre has all but disappeared today, in the late 1990s it was one of the top genres in the gaming business. Players assumed the role of a hero lurking about an eerie, creepy environment battling supernatural and superhuman entities. The trademark of survival horror was its intention to scare the living hell out of the player (much like a horror film).If you've never played this original, I strongly suggest you do so. But make sure you first wait until the middle of the night and turn out all the lights in your room except for the TV...by the end of the first cutscene you may no longer have clean pants! That's how scary this game was when it was first released to unsuspecting fans a decade ago.Following a string of bizarre incidents and disappearances on the outskirts of Raccoon City, the BRAVO police unit is sent to investigate. Things quickly go wrong however, and four members of the unit seek refuge in a creepy-looking mansion on the edge of the woods (sound familiar?). Now they must find out what the hell is going on.You play as either Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield, blasting zombies and other undead enemies while exploring the mansion. The pre-rendered background graphics and dramatic shifts in camera angles heighten the suspense that rival Alfred Hitchcock films. You always have the fear that something deadly is waiting for you in the next room.The plot and gameplay experience are outstanding and the graphics aren't that bad either (considering that this title is now ten years old). But the best part of RE is the mysterious, frightening mood that is conveyed while playing. There are some moments that will scare the living hell out of you!prediction:4
reviewText:I have to be man enough to admit that, yes, I missed out on a LOT of good Super Nintendo games when I was a kid, but to my defense, I had fantastic titles like &#34;Illusion of Gaia&#34; and &#34;Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past&#34; to keep me occupied. But I can't believe--with any ounce in my mind--that I missed out on this! Seeing as I just got the game for Christmas of 2013, less than a month ago, and finished the game completely within one week, I think it's only fair to give my two cents worth here in the form of a review! Let's get started, shall we?STORY: 10/10Epic. Every fiber of my being believes that Soul Blazer and Terranigma got the basis of their plots from this bad boy. You are the Master (otherwise known as God, but they changed a few names because of religious conflicts over here in NA) and you have just reawakened from an ancient war with Tanzra (otherwise known as Satan, but again, religious conflicts), the lord of darkness. After a long and arduous struggle, neither force was victorious, but Tanzra summoned forth mighty demons to imprison the souls of the people of the world. As such, it is your duty as lord and savior to restore the world to its former glory, resurrecting the people of your world and developing every major location across the globe through civilization. Consider this game's story a sort of post-apocalyptic masterpiece, more so than any game of its kind. I was hooked from start to finish, and found myself greatly intrigued by the morals and beliefs held towards the end of the adventure. Every game has a story to tell, and this one told it exquisitely.GAMEPLAY: 9/10Very interesting. Actraiser combines the gameplay of both action-platforming and world simulation and rolls it all up in a beautiful, golden biscuit sandwich...with extra awesome! During your adventure, you will switch between Action Mode and Simulation Mode. In Action Mode, you will take the form of a mighty statue created in honor of the Master as you slay the hordes of demons summoned forth by Tanzra, defeating the lords of each area and restoring order to the world. In Simulation Mode, you will assist the people you bring back to life in developing the world; increasing the population, constructing houses and growing crops, and more. Depending on how many enemies you kill during the Action Mode, as well as your final score after defeating the boss of the current Act, you will release an according number of souls to develop civilization. You will hold this practice from beginning to end, and you'll love pretty much every minute of it. The only real complaints I had were some of the enemy placement options, both in Action Mode and in Simulation Mode, but even those problems can be fixed by being patient.PRESENTATION: 8/10Very impressive. This game's choice of play style was simply fascinating. Never before have I seen action-platforming and simulation done so well together, and I don't think I will ever see that. The game's level of difficulty is what drove some people up the wall; some parts are easier than others, granted, but there were a lot of instances that were just flat-out unforgiving. But again, just like with the enemy placement complaint I had, this can be solved by simply being patient and analyzing your surroundings carefully. Relax. Take your time, especially on your first journey through the game. Once you've gotten the hang of things, you'll find easier ways to get around the difficulty!MUSIC: 9/10Freakin' amazing! I was hooked to every single track in the game! They're all unforgettable, they all match the settings they are in, and they're all catchy as hell. My only complaint is that they recycle some songs for other areas, when I know that, seeing as this IS Enix we're talking about here, the geniuses who gave us the Soul Blazer trilogy not but a year or so later, they could have made a couple more tracks. Still, the battle with Satan...err...&#34;Tanzra&#34; is a fight I will never forget, MAINLY because of the awesome music.OVERALL RATING: 9/10Actraiser is one of the few treasure of the Super Nintendo era, though surprisingly, not many people knew about it. I'm actually a little ashamed to consider myself one of those people, but even so, I'm glad I finally decided to collect this gem (case, manual, everything, baby!). I can't really say anything more, other than I think you should definitely pick it up, if you haven't already. Lead the way, O' merciful Masters of Amazon!prediction:4
reviewText:It took me quite some time to get used to all the different control icons. The only way I got ahead a few levels was by letting my characters be invisible. What I don't like is that you can aquire all kinds of equipment, but you don't have enough space to keep it all. Also I'm having a hard time finding my way around on the world map. I continuously seem to wander around in circles. So this is not one of my favorite games.prediction:4
reviewText:Personally I found this game fun and I HAVE NO IDEA HOW THESE OTHER REVIEWERS CAN CRITICIZE IT! This game was my first experience with the series and I had a lot fun with it. Who cares what the story is I DON'T KNOW AND DEFINITELY DON'T CARE BEYOND ALL BELIEF! The graphics may be bad but WHO CARES?!! Now I do wish to play Final Fantasy II & III but this Final Fantasy game gave me a spectacular look at this amazing series.prediction:4
reviewText:This was Super Nintendo's cross between a Final Fantasy RPG game and a Zelda type RPG game. To start with the graphics are very basic, it looks more like it could be a Nintendo game (not SNES), and the plotline is simplistic going to different areas to defeat a big boss and get an item that lets you go to the next area. Simple isn't it? But then the real worthwhile part about this game is its originality, you can jump in the game, you can cut down trees with your axe, blow up walls with your bombs and climb walls with your claws. Another interesting part is that you can see the enemies as characters on the overhead map! So you can run into them and fight them, but then rather than fighting them like Zelda, it takes you to a battle screen like a true RPG. Something else is that rather than a real overhead map of the world where you explore, you start at an area which gives you four choices of where to go, up down left and right. You select the path and the hero will take that path automatically, no monsters or anything! The monsters are all inside of the areas, towns, caves and caverns.prediction:4
reviewText:One of Squaresoft's finest RPGs in the popular FF game series, Final Fantasy IV (mistakingly named FFII here in the U.S. back in 1991) is a classic installment and also the first FF to be released on the SNES. How can we all forget the epic storyline, the unforgettable characters, or the beautiful soundtrack composed by Nobou Umetsu? (Who also did the music for other various FFs) Without doubt, this all brings back memories of when days were just PERFECT!Although the original English translation for the cartrige is not that good (it makes the characters seem more like cardboard cut-outs at times) it's still a rare classic to own/add to your SNES collection. Obviously, the game contains what later installments to the saga had as well: Summoning, Magic, abilities, and even side quests. Leveling up is also pretty easy to do. Later, you will get to fly two airships (one of them which can drill deep into the ground in order to reach the second world) and go wherever you want, when you want!The story concerns Cecil Harvey, a dark knight who serves the Kingdom of Barron. However, something strange is happening at Barron, as the King vows to collect all four elemental crystals of the Earth. With the army known as the Red Wings as his resort, Captain Cecil and crew are hired on numerous missions to find all four crystals. But when Cecil is relieved from his post after questioning the King's orders, he is given another mission to deliver a small mysterious package to a small town. With the help of Dragoon knight Kain, the two arrive at the village of mist, where an incredibly destructive power is unleashed upon the village! Realizing his mistake in trusting his majesty, Cecil vows to return to Barron and seek vengeance against the King.However, with a mysterious knight known as Golbeze on their trail, it'll be no walk in the park. This villain also shares some kind of connection with Cecil. What could it be, and why does Golbeze seek out the crystals himself? As you progress through the game, you will find out! Cecil's girlfriend, Rosa and many others also joins you in the battle against evil.OVERALL: 10/10 This is definately on my Top Five list of favorite FF games next to: "Final Fantasy VIII", "Final Fantasy VII", "Final Fantasy VI", and the original "Final Fantasy". If you're a longtime, diehard fan of the series as I am, and would NOT prefer the new stupidly pathetic installments such as "Final Fantasy X-2", then I HIGHLY reccomend this! The classics are always the best!prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy 2 was the second FF game to be released in America, but even today it is one of the greatest games I have ever played.Graphics- 9/10 Back when it first came out, and when I first rented it on the SNES, I remember the graphics looking pretty good for its time. Still, I wasn't blown away, but the battle graphics, and the overworld graphics were amazing. It didn't quite have the charm of Zelda- Link To The Past, but considering the size of this game and its release date, the graphics were very good.Music- 10/10 Okay, this is where this game shines. Without a doubt, this game has the best music I have ever heard in an RPG. Every SNES FF title had great music (including 5, which was originally only released in Japan, but can be picked up with FF Anthology), and this game started that trend. The battle music is amazing, literally. But it doesn't stop there, the boss music is even better. In fact, I am willing to say that FF2/4 has the best boss music ever out of ANY video game. You will have it stuck in your head for years. In fact, Super Mario RPG for SNES has a hidden boss that has the same music theme as FF2/4. I think FF Mystic Quest was my first FF game, but FF2 was the first one to really get me into the series, and the music sure helped.Gameplay- 10/10 the battle system is flawless, and the level-up to gain magic system is one of my favorites. I just love battling in order to gain abilities, it just feels so old-school. All in all, all of the gameplay elements are flawless, and the story is great. You also get to go to the moon in this game, which is very fun, and not many RPGs offer something like that. Although this game is also available on FF Chronicles, I would recommend buying the SNES version, even if it has translation issues. I think the SNES version is better because it loads faster (mainly on the saving and loading data screens), it has a more old-school feeling, and just because it's SNES. SNES is the greatest system ever and I think every game originally for the SNES is 10 times better for its original system, even if it costs 20 more dollars, but it is well worth it.Overall- 10/10 This is a pretty old game (okay, it's very old), but it is one of the greatest games ever made. Overall, FF3/6 is slightly more enjoyable, and is a little better, but FF4 is still in my top three for greatest FF games, and probably in my top ten for greatest games ever. It is well worth the money.prediction:4
reviewText:Seems like there's a score of different Final Fantasy games out there these days, but despite the grandeur of FF 7, the melodrama of FF8, or the outright eyecandy of FF10, there's really no beauty like that of a simple classic. If you find yourself surrounded by people who've been playing games for a while, and the subject of Final Fantasy comes up, you'll find that most probably veer towards the new ones, especially FF 7 and 10. But if, like me, you're asked which is your favorite and you reply "Oh, I'll always love Final Fantasy II most of all", you will get respectful nods from all directions. And why not?Final Fantasy II was a SNES game that came out in the beginning of the 90's, catering to the same crowd that was sucked into it's predecessor on the original NES. By this time RPG's were becoming more prevalent on Nintendos (owed almost entirely to the original Final Fantasy), old and new, and so Squaresoft threw this wonderful game on the US market. Unlike the first Final Fantasy this one had an actual plot, with characters that became an integral part of the story. New characters were introduced as the game played out, usually enticing you with answers to your characters' questions, but also leaving you with more questions. By the time you reached the last boss of the game you were really surprised at how much time you had put into the whole thing, and pleased with the payout.They never made an RPG game that gave the player the "epic" feel quite like the Final Fantasy games did. I bought Final Fantasy III for my nephew about 2 years ago for PS One, and it was like a real stroll down memory lane. I can't wait to add this one to the collection! :)prediction:4
reviewText:This is the RPG that caused me to go out and get a Super NES console back in 1991 so I could play it.  My brother had this game and gave it to me when he was done.  I've been hooked ever since!  Looking back, of course the graphics are definitely rather primitive compared to nowadays, but the music and storyline are compelling.  I actually cared about these characters, Cecil, Rosa, Rydia, Kain and others.  I've played this game from start to finish at least a half-dozen times since I first beat it, seeing how powerful I could get my characters, using the Game Genie to &quot;cheat&quot; and see how it would play differently.  A great sentimental favorite.prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy IV (called II when it was first released out of Japan for the SNES because we never got the real II and III back then) is yet another wonderful Final Fantasy. Originally released in 1991, this was the first FF for the SNES. Many great SNES Squaresoft games would follow (Secret of Mana and Final Fantasy VI (III) to name a few).FF IV follows Cecil, a member of the Baron Red Wings. The king of Baron has been acting strange lately, and he asks Cecil to deliver a package to the town of Mist. Cecil's longtime friend Kain accompanies him. Little do they know that the package burns down the entire town, and the game takes off from there. Every character has their own skills (ex. Kain is a Dragoon, so he can Jump) like in FF VI and IX. I like the FF's where the characters have their own skills more than the Job System, although both are very good.Music was really upgraded to SNES quality, and it doesn't disappoint. You'll find the famous FF Prelude, chocobo music, an awesome final boss theme, as well as many other wonderful tunes. They all go together with FF IV very well.The challenge for this game isn't very tough, because this was the Easy Type released out of Japan. They had an Easy Type and a Hard Type. You can only find the Hard Type by buying FF Chronicles, which contains the original FF IV Hard Type and Chrono Trigger. Hard Type has more magic, skills, etc., and the enemies attack much more often. But still, FF IV Easy Type is a good FF to start out on if you haven't played any other FF's before. It has all the qualities that make an FF good: great story, exceptional graphics (for the time it was released), very good character development, wonderful music, and it's easy to play. If you're an FF fan and you haven't played FF IV yet, I recommend doing so quickly; it's one of the best FF's out there!prediction:4
reviewText:Beat the game with Game Genie!  This is an awesome device that works by intercepting the game code from the cartridge on its way to the console, modifying that code, and then sending it on to the Super Nintendo. It works very very well. There is also a switch for de-activating the codes and re-activating them on the fly. Its built very very well and works with Most games. You must look up the codes to make this work, but trust me, its simple. Once again, this is a must have for snes lovers!prediction:4
reviewText:NOT COMPATIBLE WITH YOBO FC TWIN SNES/NES System!Graphics on this game are the Most Creepy and Horrifying That Probably was ever seen on SNES and to this day will haunt you. Zombies on here is stuff you would only see in George Romero's Films. They actually look dead, and the animation is so awesome it pretty much throws you into the game whether you actually fight it or not. The Zombies Make you feel like you are in a horror film in your own living room. The Demons Are randomly Spooky and Disturbing. You can almost see the evil in their eyes when you look at them. The Hell hounds on this Game will have you watching the family Chiuahuah from the corner of your eyes whilst you play. Its a really disturbing game compared to its Predecessor, Ghosts and Goblins. Random traps on this game will have you back at the beginning of the level in No time. They are everywhere and you wont be expecting half of them until its too late. From Human skulls Hurling out of the mouth of Demonic totem poles to Being on the wrong platform when a massive wave takes you out. This game keeps you on edge so much you might panic and End up failing the Level. It is one of the most spooky and Difficult games ever invented for the SNES. I cannot stress enough how difficult it will be. The Best and Most addicting part of the game is the little voice reminding you that you can do better Next time... Only to end up getting farther and failing again to a trap you werent expecting. The Zombies Randomly appear but unlike Ghosts and Goblins, Are slower and somewhat Predictable. Meaning that some pop up in the same place when things get too hard so you know to watch out. Each Level has tons of different weapons from crossbows and super swords to Super armor and shields,( the sheild gives you 3 hits instead of 2 and your dead.) All the enemies are unique and not repetitive. The Bad Part of this Game is that its Not compatible for the FC TWIN SNES/NES system by Yobo. It works in the system until you get to the third level and then Everything goes black. another Con to Super ghosts and ghouls is that its extremely difficult and Challenging. The pros are that it may just be the Very First and Most realistic horror game for the SNES. The Graphics are indescribable. Lets hope if you buy it you'll do better than i ever could. If you beat it i tip my hat to you...prediction:4
reviewText:I was no fan at all of space side view shooter games, but this one caught my interest. You start the game by selecting all of your weapons, then you are sent out on your mission to fly through scores of enemy space fleets, destroying them to collect powerups and at the end of each level destroy bad bosses. The bad part about the game is that when you die you lose all of your powerups, and start from scratch making it very difficult to get more powerups later in the game because of the difficulty. Another huge downfall is that the sixth level is virtually impossible without having super sharp reflexes. Its a classic that might not be for everyone.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is/was fantastic!  It's sooo Japanese.  That's the first thing that comes to my mind--I'll explain later.  I first played it about 15 years ago...yep, it's fairly old.  It was an early SNES game.  I remember it was around the time of classic Street Fighter 2.  Those were the days, ah how nostalgic.  I played it again last year on computer emulator, and it was just as charming.This is a 1 or 2 player co-op game, which is always fun with a friend.  The experience is richer if you've got a buddy alongside you.  Along with Double Dragon for NES, this was one of the early great co-op games I played.  Both heroes have the same abilities but some differences in appearance.  Some parts of the game are straight up 2-D platforming sequences.  Other parts of the game have a 3-D element where you can move up and down as well as left and right.I don't remember how many levels there were, maybe 8.  Each one takes under an hour if you're decently skilled, so it's a short adventure.  The first half of every level is the 3-D part, which tended to be humorous and lighthearted with a bit of exploration.  Still, it's a pretty straightforward game and you won't be doing much, if anything, in the way of puzzle solving or mazes--but I think this is good and keeps it simple without dead ends.  You just run through the levels and dispose of the wimpy goons that come your way.  The weapons and goons are really funny, not very serious at all.  The 3-D parts also have small shops and huts you can enter to perform various interactions.  There is a money component to the game: you get some for beating goons, and you can spend it in shops to buy various goodies including health, armors, and ability powerups.  You can also throw it as a projectile weapon in fact.  Another way to earn it is by performing a number of "jobs" in some of the huts which require dexterity and timing with controller.  They're fun, especially if you compete with a friend.  Other huts just have random villagers you can talk to, some serious and some comical.  A final type of hut has this judo instructor who charges you heftily but teaches you these special, magical techniques you can use in the levels.  These aren't required but make the levels easier and more entertaining.Onward to the 2-D parts of the game.  They're distinctly different.  The 2nd half of each level is where the 2-D shows up, and the music and tone become more serious.  More importantly, enemies become harder and better timing and skill are required--for example jumping around on spinning platforms, avoiding spikes and fireballs, etc.  Somewhat Mario World-ish.  Each level dutifully concludes with a boss battle, and the fights are all good.Like any good game, the difficulty level starts low and increases reasonably.  The story and characters were solid I thought.  It involved kidnappings and some high level ninja clan who the lowly heroes had to take on.  The music and sound effects were unique and amazing IMO.  I mentioned at the start how this game really reflects a Japanese character--more so than any other game I have ever played.  And that is one of it's strongest points for me.  Anyone would know right away that this is not an American game you are dealing with.  Games like Mario or Zelda you might mistake for American if you didn't know better, but not this one.  Every character and song oozes Japanese flavor.  It's neat, check it out.This is one of the longer reviews I've written, but it's because I have fond memories of this game and this time period of gaming.  I highly recommend giving this game a whirl if you're able to.  Konami puts out solid, Japanese styled games for those who are into them.  I've stressed that aspect of the game many times now--it's just that I miss that foreign feel and I've always enjoyed games that have it, most recently DDR, or early versions of it anyway.  I am always on the lookout for more!prediction:4
reviewText:The plot - saving the princess from the evil Otafu army - leaves much to be desired, but the included mini games and the gameplay make up for that ten fold.  Back when the SNES and the Genesis were the consoles competing for your money, this game was sold pretty inexpensively, but it's still a favorite of mine.There are dozens of little games you can play like lottery, maze, quiz, concentration, horse-racing . . . just to name a few.  Gradius is also playable during your journey.The boss fights are pretty epic for an SNES game.  A lot of thought went into making them just difficult enough for a challenge while keeping them engaging and fun at the same time.The soundtrack is a classic example of catchy chiptunes, with a flavor of traditional Japanese and that characteristic dissonance found in their music.Also of note is the co-op system, in which two players are on the screen at the same time a la Contra.  You can even ride on each other's back or compete in mini-games.Fun little game that any gamer should have.prediction:4
reviewText:Keep in mind, I said coolest, not best.  And although it gets 3 stars, be sure, that is a very high 3.Pilotwings is a simple sort of flight simulator for the SNES.  It has surprisingly good flight physics, for its age, mediocre graphics, and some wonderfully laughable music (read bad).  The music is great because it tries to have different parts, and a melody and bassline, using terrible quality 'beep' music.You fly the lightplane, rocketbelt, and hanglider, as well as sky dive, through rings, arches, and bars, and then attempt to land accurately.  Fairly simple game play, but infuriatingly difficult at times, especially in expert mode, which you get after the first four levels and the top secret helicopter rescue mission (which is awesome).  Learning to land in sky diving is crazy hard, but I got it down eventually.  On the other hand, rocketbelt is easy enough to get 100 points and the bonus level, so it balances out.There are two secret bonus levels, which are weird.  They deserve little further comment.Pilotwings was pretty fun, in the end, and is cool as an old SNES game.  If there were more helicopter levels, encompassing some sort of actual story, it would have been incredible.  Sadly, it has little actual substance, but a lot of replay value, because you can jump right in, and the whole point of the game is practicing.Pilotwings isn't really worth buying, unless you're feeling like more after the N64 version, and are willing to sacrifice graphics.  Or if you are crazy and bored.  If you already own it, but have never gotten into or played it (which is understandable), at least go play the helicopter level (password: 108048...probably).  It is fun.prediction:4
reviewText:At the expense of sounding like an old man at the age of 25, I just have to say that they don't make games like this anymore.  Not quite sure if this is my favorite game of all time, but it's definetly in the top three, and I've played quite a few games.  The original Secret of Mana is just such an awesome game.  It's a Zelda-style adventure, but with three different characters, a well-worked system of magic, great musical selection, a vast world to explore, and an engaging story line.  A multi-player addition (where a pal can control one of your three characters) makes the game so much more enjoyable.This is a game that proves that an older game with a great concept beats the hell out of a more modern game with the greatest graphics in the world.  If I wanted characters that look as close to real people as possible I'd watch TV.  Video games are all about the concept and creativity behind the game.  Secret of Mana epitomizes that.  Probably out of production by this point, but if you can get your hands on it, you'll definetly be pleased.  Or at least download it and play with an emulator.prediction:4
reviewText:It should be no secret that the SNES gave us some of the most elite classics that have stood the test of time. Why Secret of Mana hasn't gained the success of many of these classics is beyond me, because this is by far one of the classics when it comes to RPG gaming.In this game, the hero of this game finds a sword and pulls it out, only to unleash a barrage of monsters and to be banned from Potos. With further accompaniment from a sprite and girl, the hero must find the Mana Seeds to power up the Mana Sword. I will just leave it at that to prevent any spoilers.What makes Secret of Mana such a highlight is its gameplay system. Many RPGs developed by Square have been known for its turn-based battle system. Instead of utilizing this, the game uses a real time battle system akin to The Legend of Zelda series, with ring style menus for each character to use items and change character settings.When it comes to unique skills by the characters mentioned above, the hero is a physical battle warrior. However, with the use of magic acquired eventually in the game, the sprite can use battle magic while the girl can use magic that powers up the skills in combat. More skills are obtained upon discovering Mana Seeds.A final mention is to the game's soundtrack, composed by Hiroki Kikuta. The focus on woodwinds and percussion instruments drives throughout the whole game, provoking the appropriate mood for the setting. Don't get me wrong, a lot of Square titles have been well known for the soundtrack used, but Secret of Mana manages to excel beyond with these compositions.If it wasn't for the fact that a game likeChrono Triggerwas released, this could definitely be the greatest RPG to ever hit the market. But for what it is, Secret of Mana is an unsung RPG classic that is mandatory to play if you are a fan of this genre, a strong soundtrack, or just a classic, unique, soulful game.prediction:4
reviewText:Released in 1993, Square's Secret of Mana is a game in their line of SNES releases that was perhaps a bit overshadowed by Final Fantasy and Chrono Trigger. The game has a graphical engine that would be expanded upon in Chrono Trigger, but the game's real-time battle physics make it more directly comparable to something like Nintendo's own Zelda: A Link to the Past.However, there are a number of aspects that set this game apart from all of those mentioned. It all starts with the characters and the way in which they are controlled. There are three characters: a boy, a girl, and a sprite. With the relatively obscure Super Multitap adapter, up to three players were able to take the journey together. In one-player or two-player controlled adventures, you can switch which character(s) you control with the simple push of the select button; those you are not controlling will be thus taken over by AI. This creates a separation from those other games: rather than have one player control a full party at once, or just have one character, more freedom of choice is given to the player about who they want to control. Sometimes the AI can be a bit sloppy when it comes to moving from place to place, but that rarely becomes much of an issue as you can just switch character control and get them to where you want to be.In this game, the weapon system is quite vastly different than that of FF or CT, and different still from Zelda. There are 8 main weapons in the game (Sword, Axe, Spear, Whip, Glove, Javelin, Boomerang and Bow), and they are powered up as many as 8 times each by collecting orbs and having them forged with the help of a blacksmith. Granted, many of these weapons are the sort of thing you'd typically expect to find in an RPG, but the ability to level them up as high as this and to need more than just money to do it adds a bit of depth to this system. On the other hand, the equipment system is pretty standard fare; armor, headgear, and armgear can all be purchased in item shops.The battle system is also a unique feature for the game. It is in real-time (like Zelda), and you can also charge your weapons as they level up (like Zelda), but the difference is that you can charge them up higher and higher for more and more powerful attacks - and your weapons level up with experience points. Also, rather than hack blindly at enemies, you have to wait til you are at full power to deliver a decent blow to an enemy. Sometimes, they can evade attacks, which can get a little frustrating. But that's what you have magic for. Your magic abilities (based on the elements of Water, Earth, Air/Lightning, Fire, Dark, Light, Lunar and Nature) can be leveled up and deliver on enemies when physical attacks seem to be getting you nowhere fast. Perhaps that's a fairly common thing, but here, levelling up magic is done by using it - and it works in your favor.There are other positives too:+Good if not fantastic musical score+Additional characters in the story that add a bit of depth to each player+Respectable challenge+Tight controls+Dungeons don't drag on forever... mostlyThe few negatives:-Some slowdown and glitching in situations with lots of enemies on screen at once-Sometimes the story doesn't make much sense-The occasional overly-long dungeonBut all in all, this game is highly recommended as it is a lost treasure of the SNES. It's a good purchase but it does run a little steep, so Wii users should consider downloading it to their virtual console.prediction:4
reviewText:Secret of Mana, is in my opinion, one of the best games of all-time. Squaresoft really set it off with this game. I first got a chance to play SOM about 4 years ago, so I really missed out on it all that time.The story follows a boy, a girl, and a sprite on a big adventure across fields, deserts, snowlands, and much more. After the boy pulls out the Mana Sword, he gets banned from his hometown by the Elder. The story really takes off from there, and it will keep you entertained throughout the whole game.The music in SOM is my favorite of any SNES game. Each area has music that is amazing and will really take you into the game. I have the soundtrack and every song is great.Graphics were really good for the time (1993). The animations and artwork used in SOM were very colorful and easy to look at, so it doesn't hurt your eyes.Last but certainly not least, while the game is a lot of fun while playing it alone, it's even better when you have a few friends around. Being that this game is 3-players, you can go through it with 2 friends. It's like a multiplayer Zelda. SOM is also pretty challenging and has excellent replay value. I recommend it to anyone who likes the Zelda series or the FF series.prediction:4
reviewText:Spiderman games prior to Maximum Carnage were not very good. Games like Spiderman and the X-Men Arcade's Revenge or Spiderman Return of the Sinister Six were pretty lousy. Finally, a good Spiderman game is on the horizon, with gamers also being given the very cool choice of playing as Venom for a few levels.First off, this game is better on Super Nintendo than it is on Sega Genesis. The Genesis copy is still a fun game, but because the framerate and the sound is better on the SNES, I would recommend to serious gamers interested in this game that they pick up the SNES copy. On top of that, the SNES red cartridge is very attractive. For the life of me I will never understand why The Legend of Zelda A Link to the Past on SNES was never produced as a gold cartridge. After seeing Maximum Carnage's red cartridge, I figured that SNES was capable of colored cartridges. In the case of Zelda, they simply just chose not to do a gold cartridge. Anyway, the Genesis also had a limited edition red cartridge, but it just isn't as attractive as the SNES red cartridge.So the game is based off the 14-part comic book series of the same title. Instead of cut-scenes, we get to see panels from the comic books to help move the story along. In the first few levels, you take the role as Spiderman as you go around beating up bad guys in New York City. Spiderman can shoot webs to ensnare enemies or pull them towards him (similar to Mortal Kombat's Scorpion's harpoon move). Spiderman can also climb walls or swing away from trouble with a web. And of course, Spiderman is perfectly capable of some very excellent and acrobatic street fighting moves to defend himself against typical wave after wave of enemies in side-scroller beat em up action. The game keeps track of your accuracy, and if you land enough hits without missing, Spiderman will be capable of executing a "power move" to take out a bunch of enemies or execute a single enemy.Aiding Carnage's campaign of terror in New York City are his friends Shriek, Doppelganger, Demogoblin, and Carrion. These enemies all have their own methods of attacking, and you will find yourself fighting them two at a time multiple times throughout the game. But Spiderman and Venom have some friends of their own to help out, such as Black Cat, Captain America, Firestar, Ironfist, Cloak, Dagger, Morbius, and Deathlok. You will find tokens which will allow you to call on them to attack the on-screen enemies.After a few levels, you will finally be given the choice to pick whether you want to play as Spiderman or Venom. Both characters have their plusses and their minuses. Spiderman is more acrobatic and faster, while Venom sacrifices the speed for raw power. In that instance, it is just a matter of personal preference. However, the levels will play out differently based on whom you choose to play as. If you choose to play as Venom whenever given a choice, you will have a much shorter game since Venom spends a significant amount of time being captured and tortured by Carnage in the Statue of Liberty.So the toughest part of the game is continuously dealing with Carnage and his friends, especially since they become progressively more aggressive and tougher in the later stages of the game. Doppelganger becomes a step quicker, but Shriek becomes a hellion with her sonic blasts in the late stages of the game. Demogoblin is always tough due to his ability to jump on his glider if you don't stay on top of him, and Carrion will always be a nuissance floating around waiting for his chance to sap some of your strength.Carnage on the other hand, is the toughest of all. You will fight him several times, and some of his attacks do considerable damage. During the last encounter you will have a difficult time drawing a bead on him because of his double-armed swinging axe maneuver, which can rob you of a full life if you are unfortunate enough to be in the way. Be patient and pick your openings.This game takes a bit of practice to master. Although the typical action fights are pretty simple, the boss battles may have you begging for mercy at some points. Once you know where all the 1-ups and continues are though, you should be fine as long as you remember to rely on your help tokens for the boss battles.All in all, this is quite a fun game. It isn't the best side scroller beat em up, and of course it doesnt compare to some true classics like Streets of Rage 2 or Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles IV Turtles in Time, but for a better than average side-scroller beat em up, it's hard to go wrong with Maximum Carnage, especially for Spiderman fans.prediction:4
reviewText:When it comes to 3D on-rails shooters (Panzer Dragoon, Star Blade, Sky Gunner), there are a few that stand out. This is one of them. Perhaps the first of its kind (most notably because of it's polygonal graphics), Star Fox transcends the limitations of the Super Nintendo to become a classic for the ages.Granted, the first stage isn't quite as lovely as I remember it being (the graphics are indeed quite simple and the draw distance is sadly quite limited), but once you get past it things really take off. The in-cockpit view is awesome, featuring one of the coolest looking targeting sights in gaming history. Your fellow wing-men will get in trouble and need bailing out. You can boost past your allies to avoid accidentally shooting them (or to keep from getting hit), or slow yourself down. Your ship can lose a wing, causing it to control awkwardly, and you can dodge enemy fire by spinning your craft.Normally I would talk about negative points, but besides the date of the graphics (and perhaps the sound capabilities of the system, if midi music bothers you) could possibly hinder this game. The gameplay is awesome, and only improves with time. There are three different routes to take (and secret levels!) which adds to replay value tremendously. And let's not forget the fact that the levels are incredibly well designed, the graphics are used to maximum effect (man that hyperspace jump is awesome looking!), and the music is some of the best in any game ever.This game is truly a classic in every way. If you love great games, you'll love Star Fox. And if you love 3D-on-rails shooters, you MUST HAVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:The Street Fighter II series have been one of the most popular fighting series of all time and Capcom has been releasing many upgraded versions throughout the early to mid '90s. The first one was Street Fighter II, the fighting game that revolutionized the genre, then Street Fighter II: Champion Edition, which featured the same fighting engine only now, you get to play as the bosses like M.Bison, Vega, Balrog, and Sagat. And finally, comes Street Fighter II Turbo, which featured the same characters, including the bosses, but with faster and superior gameplay. Fans and critics agree, that this was one of the greatest Street Fighter titles since the very first release of the series. No one has forgotten how great the game was, even today. The graphics look pretty much the same, but cleaner. The animations to each character look extremely vibrant and colorful. The audio is improved and tweaked. So far, we don't have any bad voice actors (that is until Super Street Fighter II comes up) in this game. And the sounds of hitting still haven't changed one bit. As for the line of characters, still the same as Champion Edition's. You have Ryu, Ken, Chun-Li, Guile, Dhalsim, Blanka, Sagat, M.Bison, Balrog, and Vega. And as for the gameplay, still unsurpassive and unmatched comparing to todays SF titles. The controls are still well balanced but much faster than the first two SFII titles. There's even an option or code where you can increase the speed. There are no other things I have to say about the gameplay, but all I can say is, it's still one of the best playing Street Fighter games ever ! If you still have your SNES and you're planning to sell it, you might want to think twice ! If you have Street Fighter II Turbo in you collection, you might want to keep it ! Who knows ? If you end up selling it and later on feel like playing the game again, it'll probably take forever to find the game again, since it's a rare product now ! But all in all, a true Street Fighter classic ! Even today, not even the newest SF titles can live up to the superior gameplay balance of Street Fighter II Turbo ! This game should definently not be passed up !prediction:4
reviewText:I had completely forgotten about this game until I stumbled across it on Amazon.  This game is so much fun.  Usually, I just favor the Mario and Donkey Kong Country games, but this game is really entertaining!  If you like old fighting games, I definitely recommend this one.prediction:4
reviewText:Street Fighter II changed when it got 'Super' and everything felt tacky and wacky. Street Fighter II: Hyper Fighting is the last official revision before the Super games and remains a fan favorite, especially for you Alpha haters out there. EGM placed this game #4 in their top 100 games of all time (issue #100) so you can see the impact this game has in history.Now you can download this game on Xbox LIVE Arcade, but it just isn't the same because Microsoft's 360 Controller has a truly awful DPad (damn you M$!!!!!!!!!!!!). It also has some bad lag (why can't they get it right already?) when playing online so that isn't so much fun. I would recommend buying the Super NES version if you can't track down a copy of Street Fighter Collection 2 for PlayStation or Capcom Arcade Classics Collection Vol. 1 for PlayStation 2/Xbox (these are the Arcade perfect versions!).I remember renting this game about 10 times from my local video store cuz my mom wouldn't buy me any fighting games due to violence scares back in the early '90s. I could pretty much play this game forever and never get tired until it's time to sleep or eat. It only gets better when you have a friend to play with and then gets totally awesome when money is involved! I'll bankrupt anybody!prediction:4
reviewText:probably the best fighting game of the cartridge era without a doubt, takes some time to get good at but really entertaining and brought back a lot of memories. Great working condition looks great label intact A+prediction:4
reviewText:The Street Fighter series was never better than when it was on Super Nintendo.  The next generation attempts were decent, but nothing to the original.  With that being said, this is probably my favorite game in the series, bringing in new characters.  I love the tournament mode.prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of the best in the &quot;side scrolling beat 'em up&quot; genre. I consider Final Fight and Streets Of Rage the tops in the genre, but TMNT4 gives 'em a run for their money. Great graphics, great sound (you even hear the real TMNT theme song [complete with actual singing], albeit for about 10 seconds when the title screen comes up), and great gameplay makes this a winner.prediction:4
reviewText:The SNES port of Wolfenstein 3d isn't really that good, and the censorship gets in the way of what made the original so great, but at the end of the day it's still Wolfenstein.  If you're a wolfenstein fan and a snes fan, add this to your collection.  The levels are slightly different from the original which makes it a somewhat different run through from the original, which will still keep you entertained despite censorship and low quality graphics (compared to pc)prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy III [known as VI to some] is a timeless classic. They had this game on display at a used game store, but not for sale. But eventually they decided to sell it for only 25$! I snatched it, knowing all the great things I heard about this game.Gameplay:10/10: It's an RPG. Duh. But this one is so fun! The battle system is pretty simple, but boy, it rocks. Each character has a unique battle feature.  The game has lots of secrets, so keep your eyes peeled! Also, this game is LONG! It took me about 40 hours to beat, as long as it took for VII and VIII.Graphics:10/10: Very well done for a 1994 game. The only better graphics in 1994 was Donkey Kong Country.Music/Sound:10/10: FF games are known for awesome music. Same here. The music is well done.Story:9/10: The story is pretty simple for a FF game, but deep. Even though some parts seem to be taken from Star Wars.Overall, a classic RPG. If you have an SNES, it's a must have. If you don't, it's been remade for Playstation, but with slow loading times. Now, it's time to play IX.prediction:4
reviewText:ok, so for those who aren't aware of the numeric order, FF3 on the SNES is actually FF6 in the series, but at the time the US only had 3 FF games hence the name Final Fantasy 3. with the re-release of final fantasy 2 and 3 renamed Final Fantasy 4 and 6 on the ps1 and gba, along with translation issues. hehe, Sabin. anyways, so what can be said about this game that hasn't already been said? well this was before FF7 and the 3D era of gaming. the music is AMAZING next to Chrono Trigger, the music really sets the mood. the cast of characters is huge, and by far the biggest in the entire Final Fantasy franchise. all with their own personalities. i don't want to get too deep into the story, but its a great game, intense story and the most vile antagonist you'll meet in the series, and right away you'll know who this... person is 10 minutes in the game(is it a guy or a girl? i don't know...). the graphics has aged well, say what you will about 3D games, 2D games especially age very well, and the graphics at the time, are amazing. its really at the heart of it all, an RPG game, the random encounters and open world traveling is here, and since its a Final Fantasy game you will not be disappointed. this was before FF7 came out and in my opinion FF6 is better than FF7. just saying.this cart is a bit hard to find, i was lucky enough to find mines in a local retro store for about 40 bucks, that's a steal! if you can find a cart in good condition and a reasonable price, go for it! so what are you waiting for?? get this game! and Chrono Trigger and you got yourself the awesomest games in the SNES library.prediction:4
reviewText:There is no way around it.  This is the best game of all time.  Forget that, this is the best piece of entertainment of all time.  Final Fantasy VII comes close, and is often hailed as the best in the series, but the true veterans who have been on board since the beginning know that this is the peak, the monument that defines the realm of RPGs.  This analogy is probably overused, but accurate, that FFIII (FFVI J) is for video games what the Tolkien books are for fictional literature.  The intricate, perfect, flawless interlacing and balance of art, music, story and gameplay push this above all the competition, no matter what era the contender in question may come from.Perhaps the most vivid, profound point that FFIII makes is that a good game is not in the graphics, but in the gameplay, which is the soul of a well-designed game.  Not to say that the graphics aren't beautiful; released in 1994, the backgrounds, battle engine, and overworld effects are gorgeous, considering it's birthdate.  But the gameplay, the foundation of Final Fantasy III, is one of the two main elements that make it the gem of all the industry.  There are a ton of items, 255 to be exact, from swords to paint brushes, from plumed hats to paladin shields.  One of the best things about FFIII is that most characters are not limited to one type of weapon, as we see in FF VII, VIII, IX, etc.  There are indeed limits on who can equip what, but they are very pertinent.  For example, Locke, the thief, uses mostly knives in battle.  He cannot equip large swords like the Masamune or Sky Render, but he can wield short swords like the Regal Cutlass.  Some items abound, and others are one of a kind.  Magic and special skills are also plentiful.  Every character has his or her own unique ability that can be wielded in battle, and there is a hefty amount of magical spells, including black, white, and gray types.  Esper summoning is also available, with each Esper yielding unique attributes and benefits for the characters in battle.  Additionally, characters with Espers equipped will learn different types of magic and will receive stat bonuses that reflect the type of Esper the unit is joined with.  The system is very efficient and fun.The story is simply awesome.  It's so long, so enchanting, so...  smart!  There are a lot of links and loops that will make you say "Ah, ha!"  Unlike FFVIII (See my FFVIII review to see my opinion on that stinker), you will see motivation.  You will see WHY every character acts the way he or she does.  Why is Locke so afraid of failure?  Why does Cyan nurture a deep, deep hatred for the Empire?  Part of the charm of Final Fantasy III is that you are introduced to characters that do things that make you say "Huh?"  But later on, you discover the events that shaped and molded their personalities.  And the best part is that you feel as if you know them...  As if you've always known them.The music...  Oh, the glorious, beautiful, enchanting music!  Again, none of the other titles can match up against this score, though VII and IX give it a good shot.  Folks, you cannot beat this!  We have an opera.  We have a well-thought theme designed for each character, made specifically to convey to you their love, fears, hopes and pain.  We have music that compliments whatever environment you may venture through.  You'll be hard-pressed to find any other game that attempts this, and you will NEVER find one that does it this well.There you have it.  The power, the raw passion emanating from this little cartridge is astounding.  No game has lived up to it, and though that day will eventually come, this masterpiece will still stand as one of the best pieces of entertainment in all the history of man.prediction:4
reviewText:Final Fantasy III (VI in Japan) is the greatest video game of all-time. The game was the US follow-up to Final Fantasy II (IV in Japan) which vastly improved on the excellent predecessor.The story involves a madman named Kefka who is essentially trying to destroy the world by harvesting Espers, which are basically beasts from an alternate world who made their way into the human world. You control the protagonists who are trying to stop him. One of the greatest twists in video game history, in my opinion, occurs at the midpoint of the game and forces the party to overcome division and hopelessness to save the world. While the game might appear to be juvenile and cartoonish in the storytelling, the story is such that I appreciate just as much now at 27 as I did when I first played it at 14.There are many playable characters which was very diverse in their personalities and abilities. A handful (Sabin, Edgar, Terra, Celes) are much more useful than others (Gau, Mog, Relm), but at many points in the game, you can choose to use whichever ones you please.This was the first game of the serious where you pack some serious firepower towards the end of the game. Some of the abilities and equipment make the end battles fairly easy, but it doesn't detract from the overall experience at all. It actually is quite satisfying pounding your enemies into oblivion.In summary, Final Fantasy III is my favorite video game of all-time. I used to make it a tradition to avoid family time and fire up a new game everytime Thanksgiving and complete it by New Year's. I still play the game the whole way through about once per year. It will never lose it's charm to me, and it has my highest recommendation.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the greatest RPG for the Super NES, and one of the best games ever made. It beats out Chrono Trigger and Secret of Mana, easily some of the closest competition that Square had. Final Fantasy III (technically, VI) fires on all cylinders in so many ways.PROS:+ Graphics. For the SNES, these graphics are some of the most amazing 2-D graphics I have ever seen. Colorful, vivid characters and lush, vast landscapes make for some truly epic gameplay.+ Plotline. So deep, so well thought out, and so worth playing it over again because of this.+ Soundtrack. Easily some of the best Nobuo has dished out in his tenure at Square, and probably the greatest soundtrack ever to be heard on a 16-bit platform. From majestic castles to dramatic battles to flying through the sky at breakneck speeds, this game has the soundtrack to fit it all.+ Characters. Each of the 14 characters that the player can play as is highly unique and innovative.+ Challenge. Good enough.+ Sidequests. Plenty as usual.CONS:- Length. Compared to it's three immediate successors, this game is a children's book in size.The positives truly outweigh the negatives here. By all means, buy this game as it is, or if you feel you must, pick up the Playstation packageFinal Fantasy Anthologyto get a moderately enhanced version of this game with some extra CG's, plus the never-before-domestically-available FFV, which is decent, but nothing when compared to this masterpiece.prediction:4
reviewText:Mortal Kombat 1 was a bit weak on its own since it was the first in the series, but made a good setup for this sequel, which had more characters, more of a storyline, and better features. Definitely a classic in the MK line.prediction:4
reviewText:Mortal Kombat II is widely held as the best installment of the bloody fighting series. Graphics and sound have been given a nice upgrade since the first installment, and controls are tight and responsive. The game walks a fine line between dreary, violent gore (ripping torsos apart, cutting people in half, impaling them, etc) and light humour (Friendship moves, Babalities). Too much of the latter turned the next installment of the franchise into self-parody, but it's kept in check here. The game features one of the most memorable roster of fighters since the original Street Fighter II, and gameplay is loose enough to let players develop their own combos. Finally, lots of secret characters and easter eggs await those who search hard enough.The SNES version is definitely superior to the Genesis port this go-around, with all of the gore intact and presentation true to the arcade. Still one of the best conversions of Mortal Kombat II. If you own an SNES and still don't have this gem, get it.prediction:4
reviewText:If you're an RPG fan and even if you aren't one then i recommend that you go out and get this game right now. I know it's hard to find and expensive but trust me, it's worth it. If you have alot of trouble finding it then you can probably find it on a boot disk for Dreamcast or something. One cool thing about this game is that in the beginning you can customize the names of everyone in your party, your favorite hobby, favorite food and more. The game starts out in Onett which is your hometown and a meteor has just crashed close by your house. After investigating it you travel from town to town trying to figure out what's up with the meteor and such while doing side-quests in each town. There is a wide range of environments that you travel to. From hot deserts, to snowy forests, to very large cities. The graphics are 2-D but what do you expect from a SNES game? They're simple but still good. But hey, graphics aren't everything. The sound is very well done also with catchy beats to go with each town that fit the mood just right. Overall this is one of the best RPG's that I have ever played and I think that you should go and get it now.prediction:4
reviewText:EarthBound is easily my favorite game. But lets get of my life story and talk about why this game is so under-rated. EarthBound is underrated because it was released in the time when Chrono Trigger, Secret of Mana, and Final Fantasy III, The three Kings of the SNES RPGs and when it released RPG gamers just whiffed EarthBound off like that thus nintendo lost a lot of money due to low sales on the game making hard to find like Harvest Moon and Mario RPG. Now thats the history part of the review. Now lets hear why this is my favorite game. First of the controls are simple and you pick them up really fast, the battle system seems similar to Dragon Warrior and Xenosaga, The graphics pretty good but they're no FF3, The sound effects are kinda forgetable but the music is amazing and something you'll remember for a long time (my favorite is the hippie battle music), for an RPG it has a high replay value. Earthbound is one of the best RPGs I've ever played (next to Chrono Trigger,Xenosaga,EarthBound Zero, and Final Fantasy X)and it's my favorite game. I'd give it a 10 out of 10.prediction:4
reviewText:I have owned my SNES for over 10 years now, since the year it was released. With the system I also got Super Mario World and this controller. It has a great design and fits comfortabley in any sized hand. My controller has worked ever since the day I bought it. It's never had a glitch in it. All the buttons still work and it doesn't show any wear and tear. If you need a controller for your Super Nintendo this is the one you should get. Avoid super pads, they break too often.prediction:4
reviewText:The official SNES controller is one of the best ever. The button layout is perfect for any type of game. The controller easily fits into any size hands. They are super durable. The D-Pad is very comfortable and easy to use. Heck, the start and select buttons are even easy to reach. This controller is absolutely perfect and a must have for your SNES system. Make sure you buy two of them so you can play with your friends.Oh and one more thing: make sure you get the real Nintendo made controller. Don't buy those cheaper &quot;new&quot; third party look a like controllers. They stink.prediction:4
reviewText:Careful. Even though it shows the official 2nd generation controller from Nintendo what you get can be closely described as a cheap knockoff. Not even good for replacement parts what you get is a controller with thin plastic hinges on the shoulder buttons, a feel of thin and light plastic and a casing that is quite obviously cast from the original. The main body, if you have access to a websafe color picker, is a color close to the color D4CBD4. The decal around the BAYX buttons is CDD6B4. All the buttons are plastic instead of the Start and Select buttons being rubber like the original. The cord is short. Too short. About 4.5 feet (54", 137.16cm). Buttons feel clicky but solid. Taking apart the controller you are presented with a generic and obviously unpolished PCB. Wires from the cord are directly soldered to the board instead of plugged in by way of a micro-connector like in the original. Plastic tags (the things that are usually the result of poor plastic casting) are everywhere on seams.But for only a pittance, I don't offer my criticism with any weight. You get what you pay for and in this case it's not very much. It works for what it's intended to do, but I wouldn't be surprised if there's a significant amount of defective products.My advice would be to keep searching the second hand shops and horde and preserve the working controllers. I have a couple that need new R buttons as years of use have broken the sturdy plastic hinges. Hinges that have metal pegs in the originals. The Nintendo logo is wrong (a good sign it's not an original). However, if this is your only recourse, you could do worse. This is basically a replica. And a good one at that.[UPDATE: I've been informed that what I got quite possibly is an original controller with just a replacement YXBA decal. Even though I think the seller said up front it was a replica.]prediction:4
reviewText:I've owned my good old Super Nintendo for almost four years now, and if you've seen any of my reviews you know I love the system. In fact I own 119 games for it, but I want to expand and get more games because I have three more cases to fill. The system has some of the best games ever, like; Chrono Trigger, Super Castlevania IV, Final Fantasy IV, VI and Mystic Quest, Super Metroid, Contra III, two Super Mario World titles, Super Mario RPG, Mario Kart, the first good licensed games like Aladdin, Alien 3 and the Terminator games, Cybernator, B.O.B., Axelay, Gradius III, Breath of Fire I and II, Secret of Mana, Starfox, Doom, Street Fighter II, Mortal Kombat and so many other amazing games await you if you play this game console, and you have the right games. I absolutely love this system and would not trade it for anything because it is so awesome and it never gets old to play. The only flaws are the bad, bad games; like Ultraman, an incredibly broken piece of vile garbage. Luckily, you will rarely encounter these terrible games because there are not very many of them. If you love retro consoles the Super Nintendo is a  must-have, especially for its classic games.prediction:4
reviewText:Here is another classic from my childhood well I was in my teens when I first got one. Anyhow I still have my original even the adapter for it a neighbor fixed due to a incident our Bunny done to it. This had some pretty good games for it such as Zelda a link to the past, Super Mario world super punch out,Lagoon, Final fantasy II,Super Mario All Stars, I see lot of folks on youtube who also share their consoles and what impresses me the most is when younger folks pick consoles like this up and acknowledge you know what there's be no call of duty no halo without these older consoles that got the ball rolling first.  I love my consoles and continue to collect and rebuy some I had or ones I naver did have but this one is one of my originals stll in tact and in good shape I bring it and play it so often specially that Mario all stars thats my fave right there . I recommend this to newer gamers of today wondering how it got to be so cool and this far with the 3d worlds and beautiful renderings of today if you want to see how capture the past and find one of these on ebay or here in marketplace and enjoy one of the top and best consoles ever made. or if you never had one buy one ore if yours broke rebuy there good to have all consoles and  such.  gives variety . great for in the winter when it's gloomy and dreary and boring and there's nothing to do but play video games this console system here had some the best rpg titles just for those occassions.prediction:4
reviewText:I consider the SNES to be by far the best Nintendo gaming system to ever be made.  None of the other gaming systems even come close to comparing to the SNES.  The Super Nintendo has a ton of games that go with it and are quite fun to play as well.  Also, you don't need any addons to play any of the games like some of the other Nintendo systems need.  It is easy to play and the graphics are quite nice for the age of the system.  It is also very easy to operate.  The only problems that I've ever had with my Super Nintendo is that the games sometimes won't load when I played it but this is easily fixed by blowing out the cartridge to clear any dust out of it.prediction:4
reviewText:Let's face it, this is one of the greatest systems every built with some memorable exclusive games like Super Metroid, Zelda: A Link to the Past, Super Mario World, Donkey Kong Country 1,2,3, Yoshi's Island and so on. This was many nights and weekends of fun in the 90s. The sound was excellent, the controllers had a d-pad, 2 shoulder buttons, 4 face buttons, start and select. It was awesome. Most of the games have been ported over to Game Boy Advance or the Wii Virtual Console so you don't need this grey box to play those old games. But... there are other consoles that play Super Nintendo games. I kid you not the Hyperkon Retron will play Super Nintendo cartridges.prediction:4
reviewText:I remember it well.The year was 1991 and I had rented this system along with Super Mario World,F Zero and Super R Type.I can remember how excited I was playing Nintendo's brand new(at the time)system. It looked better,played better and sounded better than the standard 8 bit NES and many of the Super NES' games were very creative with great innovative gameplay. Compared to the Sega Genesis and NEC's Turbo Grafx 16, the Super Nintendo had better graphic capabilities and if I remember correctly it was the first system that had audio cables that could be hooked up to a stereo instead of just a tv.Graphics and sound aside the Super Nintendo was a superior system because it had several great games,many of which are still referred to as some of the best video games ever made.There were many great games from different genres.Fighting games such as Street Fighter 2 and Mortal Kombat 2,racing games such as F Zero and Super Mario Kart, platform games like Super Mario All Stars, Super Mario World and Super Mario World 2 Yoshi's Island, puzzle games such as Tetris Attack,role playing games like Final Fantasy 3 and action adventure games such as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles IV and the great Zelda game A Link To The Past.The games were what made the system great.The controllers were also new and innovative for their time.They had more buttons than Sega Genesis and Turbo Grafx 16.If you don't already have a Super NES, I suggest you go out and buy one. It really was one of the best systems of all time.prediction:4
reviewText:True, it's gameplay before good graphics came along, but this console is worth it mainly for four games: The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, The Lion King, Yoshi's Island, and Donkey Kong Country. Also try the Mario games if you are a fan of Mario. This system is very durable, I have had it for over 10 years and mine is still in perfect working condition. Even though I now have a PS2, N64, Gamecube, Gameboy, and GBA I still love the old school SNES! Every gamer needs one.prediction:4
reviewText:this system was awesome back in the day. yes sega had better graphics and the controls where basicaly the same but the snes had the better games. if you want some old school action you need this system you can buy most of the games for snes on gameboy advance now but its more fun on the snesprediction:4
reviewText:I bought this right after i got an n64. I always played n64 with my cousins and i always had ports of snes games for my gba but never owned one. It is greatprediction:4
reviewText:I dont like this one as much as the nes but i still like allot of the games on it and i still play it now. Yes i know that the nes has 8-bit and this has 16-bit and the sound is much better but most of the games for the snes r kind of weird. I have a whole bunch of games but i do not like have of them and the reason i have them is because this was my uncles. The only games that i like for it is mario, zelda, metroid, battle toads, and kirby. And i love each and every one of them. Other than the weird games this is an excellent system.prediction:4
reviewText:After Sega unleashed the 16-bit Genesis, Nintendo was at a crossroads because their classic 8-bit Nintendo system was dying out.  So Nintendo makes their own 16-bit system, but used a much better graphics and sound chip than the Genesis had, and remained the top system until Sony's Playstation came out in 1996.  What made the Super NES kick so much was its outstanding library of games.  The first party titles were out of this world, not to mention the system also had some of the best RPG's to date on any system.  All in all, if you can find a Super NES anywhere, I highly recommend buying one, its a piece of video game history, and Nintendo has not been able to make a better system yet.  Below is a list of games that are also recommended to get along with the system for the best playing experience:Super MetroidSuper Mario WorldYoshi's IslandSuper Mario KartFinal Fantasy 3Legend of Zelda: A Link to the PastContra 3Super Mario All-StarsStreet Fighter 2 TurboTetris AttackDonkey Kong CountryEarthboundChronotriggerSuper Mario RPGprediction:4
reviewText:First off, my SNES is currently about 20 years old and still works like new.  So it's a well-built little machine.  Second of all, it may be old, but it has great games.  And the graphics and sound are all right, too.  It's such a fun console, even after all these years.  (I would seriously recommend the three Donkey Kong Country games, Zelda: A Link to the Past, and Illusion of Gaia.)  There's not really much else to say.  I just really like this console, so I think you'll enjoy it, too.prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best rpg, ...the best game!!!. Good storyling, incredible battles, and great characters. I especially like Glenn. Whoops! No spoilers. This game is also INCREDIBLY RARE. YOU ARE VERY LUCKY IF YOU CAN FIND IT LIKE I DID. But, It's worth the [price]. It also is not too hard. If you find this great title, than THE DAY OF LAVOS HAS COME!!!!prediction:4
reviewText:Near the end of the SNES' cycle, Square released 2 games: Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy VI. Talk about being on a roll. Both are considered classics of not only RPG's but games in general as they're usually in the Top 10 of all time lists. What makes these 2 games stand out is that one was heavy on story but not so much on graphics while the other had a marginally interesting story but great graphics(for its time). This review is for Chrono Trigger(obviously).Story: Crono attends the Millenial Fair in Leene Square(1000 AD) and bumps into Marle. Both of them have fun while Crono's friend Lucca is preparing her latest invention. They discover it's a Star Trek style transporter. Crono tries and so far so good until Marle does and she disappears. Eventually through some time hopping they find out a beast known as Lavos brought destruction on the land in the year 1999. So Crono, Marle, Lucca and a number of friends have to save the world from its future destruction.Graphics: Back in the SNES days, these were cool. Unlike the sprite-y FF overhead graphics, these were quite detailed. Nowadays of course they're pitiful but we still love Tetris right? The world graphics look definately ugly, especially the characters. Also improved is the battle graphics, no longer do people make just one sword move, now they swipe, do a double slash, or do a special move.Sound/Music: Yasunori Mitsuda supplied the music and of course it's just as good as any soundtrack. Lively themes and great pieces are throughout the game. One thing you might find is that it's not immediately catchy but you end up loving the track as you're listening, then hum it later.Gameplay: It's like Attack/Magic/Item except Magic is part of a big group called Tech. Only 2 characters are not given a basic elemental(Crono has lightning, Lucca has fire etc) so someone like Marle can cast Ice style magic on her opponents. Also there's things called Tech attacks. One example is Crono's Cyclone where he can spin around which'll also nail any surrounding enemies. But then you can do a Double Tech so the same Cyclone but couple it with Lucca's fire will create Fire Whirl and there's many more such as coupling 2 Cure's to create a big refresher spell. There's even Triple Techs, highly damaging attacks.Unlike Final Fantasy's much-maligned random encounters, Trigger's enemies appear on screen and you can even slink by and avoid some fights although sometimes they're mandatory. One thing that helps with the game depending on how you go about it is the game never gets way too easy that you breeze through it. But then again it's not frustrating as hell. Usually the difference between a successful battle and being owned is a couple levels and some strategy. But the enemies/bosses are still gonna put up a fight.The only real place to play the game is to spend heavy money on Ebay or a luck out on a bargain bin or to buy the Chronicles release, or as a last resort using Roms and emulators. Either way, don't miss out on this awesome game.prediction:4
reviewText:Chrono Trigger was released in 1995 for the SNES, later to be remade for the Playstation.Graphics: 10/10:  Very ahead of it's time. CT's graphics were beautiful, from the colorful 2D textures, to the forests, the graphics were topnotch.Music:11/10: It's that good! The music was beautiful, from the great battle themes, to the sad music, there is not one bad tune in here.Sound: 10/10: It sounds great for a 1995 game.Gameplay:10/10: CT is an RPG. However, there are things that are special about this game. For one thing the battle system is unique. You can use moves that combine different characters. It's a bit hard to explain.Another thing that makes this game unique is the fact that you can time travel. You can alter the past, and have fun. Plus, more eras mean more sidequests.The story, I belive, is solid. It isn't the best RPG story ever, but it is easy to understand and very entertaining.Replay value: 10/10: Most RPG's don't really have a replay value, but this does. Once you beat the game, you can do a New Game+, which allows you to start the game over with everything you had on the first game. Plus, there are many, [and I mean MANY!] endings to unlock.Chrono Trigger is a masterpiece simple as that. If you have an SNES, get this. If you don't, get the PS version.prediction:4
reviewText:To many, Chrono Trigger is the best RPG ever made. I'd say it's as good as Final Fantasy 6 or 7, but not better. Although I rate it 5 stars, 4.5 stars is closer to it. It all has to do with the final ending boss--Lavos--and his three forms. In my opinion, Lavos is right up there with Kefka and Sephiroth, but Lavos isn't human, so that makes him the best non-human antagonist ever seen in a game. Lavos first appears as a porcupine-like creature. His eerie scream is as good as Kefka's laugh, too. After defeating the Lavos shell, you go inside and fight the machine part of Lavos. Looks okay, but not great. You beat that, then fight the last version of Lavos--the vegetable-looking version. He doesn't look evil, nor does he look good. So it's awful hard to hate him. The background effect is okay, but sorta annoying, and the music at that point is bland. But that's the only problem that I have with the game--the final ending boss. Everything preceding that is top-notch Squaresoft. The storyline is really great on this game. My favorite parts are: Chrono's Trial (as good as the opera scene in FF6), the Future (especially the bike race against that Prince-like guy), the Battle against Magus in his castle is especially awesome because the music fits in so PERFECTLY with the battle. The little movie scene showing Lavos falling to earth is also a joy to see. There are ten endings to this game and many sidequests. Tough luck finding a good copy of it now, but you can get it on emulator, which is almost as good.prediction:4
reviewText:I mean that.  I first played this game 5 yrs ago and even with all the modern graphics and technology nowadays no other game can really compete with Chrono Trigger.  Even though I played it when I was a Sr. in high school (I never owned an SNES until I bought one on ebay then) it quickly became one of my all time favorite games (the only one game I might like more is Ocarina of Time but hey that's good company!).  Its just brilliant in so many ways.  It has an incredible story, a very interesting premise, very unique and cool settings, absolutely incredible gameplay, and awesome I mean AWESOME characters.  Seriously I have never played another game where the main cast was so interesting, colorful, and well-developed (FFVI comes close but not quite).  You really start to care about each of them because they all have unique, intriguing, and emotional back stories that are played out in a perfectly natural way as you play the game.  This game truly is a masterwork of writing and pacing and you will really find yourself connecting with and loving the characters which in turn makes you become invested in the story.  The storyline is incredible and although you may think it is one of those a dime a dozen "save the world, defeat the badguy" stories I assure you it is anything but.  True it is a "save the world" game but it has just such a creative take on it that it feels like something completely unique and fresh.  The villain is awesome and there are some very nice twists of sorts that keep you wondering what's going to happen next the entire time.  The world is also just so brilliantly fleshed out that you feel like you know it personally.  The music is some of the best I've ever heard in a game also.  Most importantly arguably however is that the gameplay is just simply unbelievable.  This game has the most entertaining battle system I have ever played.  The double techs and triple techs were such a brilliant idea and something that I'm surprised no other RPG since has picked up on (besides Chrono Cross sorta but that doesn't count).  The time aspect of this game is just flawlessly done, I don't wanna spoil anything so I'm not going talk about but its nothing short of mindblowing.  Also it has some of the best sidequests I've ever played in the game.  I'm sorry for this long rant I just love this game so much!  I'm only writing this review cuz I just turned it on to play through again and I thought it might be nice to hopefully share my love of it with others.  its the only game I've without fail replayed every yr since I first played it.prediction:4
reviewText:For months I wanted to experience Chrono Trigger, the game by Square that many enthusiasts consider to be the best RPG ever created. I had missed out on Chrono Trigger back when it was originally released in the 90s and I always felt as if I was doing myself an injustice by not having played it.Many fans of the game warned me that the PlayStation 1 port of Chrono Trigger was inferior due to load times. Many advised that I would best play the version released for the Nintendo DS as, apparently, the Nintendo DS version of Chrono Trigger features all the cutscenes of the PlayStation version with none of the load times.Due to my lack of a Nintendo handheld, I held off for a long time from playing the game. I asked around on forums if the load times of the PlayStation version were really as bad as people say, and most people seemed to feel like the load times were game breaking.Allow me to ensure you that the load times of the PlayStation 1 version of Chrono Trigger hardly leave a damper on, what I would consider, a masterpiece. If you only have a PlayStation console do not let your doubts stop you from experiencing Chrono Trigger.In my own personal situation, I chose to download the &#34;PS One Classics&#34; version of Chrono Trigger from the PlayStation Network because it plays on both the PS3 and the PlayStation Vita. Up until now, I've been playing the game on the Vita as Chrono Trigger is the perfect game for a handheld console.The StoryWithout spoiling the game for anyone who has yet to experience Chrono Trigger, I can tell you that Square has given you, what amounts to, hours of enjoyment and replayability. Chrono Trigger features a diverse amount of characters and environments and is fully engaging throughout. Never did I feel as if the game was tedious or as if the game was a grind.The PresentationThe visuals of the game look immaculate on the Vita's OLED. The fact that the game is in 2D makes the visuals look hardly aged and the Vita's bilinear filtering seems to enhance the jaggedness of the sprites even more so.The game sounds great and has, arguably, the greatest soundtrack of any video game out there. The Vita, however, does not have a powerful external speaker -- the game's music is best enjoyed through your favorite pair of headphones.Controlling the game was a joy with the Vita. The controls of the game are fully customizable, as are all PS One classics played on the Vita, but Chrono Trigger is one game where you will want to use the incredible D-Pad provided by the Vita.Overall, Chrono Trigger is an excellent buy for the PlayStation Vita. The game is not only one of the world's greatest RPGs, but it is also the perfect title for a handheld. Though Chrono Trigger might be old, it surely is one of the greats. I am eagerly awaiting the game's sequel, Chrono Cross, which is also available on the PlayStation Network.prediction:4
reviewText:(...)This game is about a young boy named Crono, who accidently gets transported to the past by a "telepod," but ends up saving the world alongside his quite diverse friends Lucca, Marle (Princess Nadia), a frog, a robot, a primitive woman called Ayla and if you choose to, a wizard called Magus. On one of their trips to the "bleak" future of the world, they discover a major catastrophe had struck the world 301 years earlier (in 1999!). In order to right the wrongs, they have to travel through the various time periods and tackle any evils they encounter, which would ultimately result in saving the future of the world.This is a quality game by any standard. Both the visuals and music are outstanding. One area where the graphics are considered lacking is the overworld map screens, though it doesn't show much at all. In fact, I didn't even notice it till I read it somewhere! Music-wise the game has a number of catchy melodies (I enjoyed the themes of Frog and Robo and the music of Denadoro Mountains). They may grow on you. The sound effects are quite fitting and the game controls are very fluid.The biggest improvement compared to other RPGs of its day is probably the battle system. Unlike most RPGs, you can choose either turn-based or "active" anywhere in the game. There are plenty of options to fiddle with too, just to pass time. A new feature is the "New Game +." This appears after the game is completed once and it let's you keep your equipment and status from your completed game on your new adventure! This feature was probably added to make things much easier in getting the ten plus possible endings! Another big improvement is the way you use magic. Your characters can "combine" their magic either in "duel tech" or "triple tech" to cause major damage! Some techs can also be accessed by getting hold of certain items...It's a nice touch. RPG fans craving for boss fights will get plenty of 'em in this game. Unfortunately, they only really provide a solid challenge till you beat the game for the first time. Once you choose "New Game +," you can virtually "toy around" with them (except the end boss). As with all good RPGs, there are immense amounts of weapon, armour and head-wear updates too.For those of you who still have a SNES, I can't think of a better RPG you could play. If you haven't made a next-generation system commitment yet and are looking for more classic games then this MUST be in your collection. Even if you aren't into RPGs, I suggest giving it a try. Those with Playstations can also enjoy the re-release of this game on their system. Whatever the case, it's a quality RPG that will manage to please even the most avid RPG critic.prediction:4
reviewText:If you're reading this you probably already know what Chrono Trigger is and that it is widely considered one of the best, if not THE best RPG of all time. To date I have still not found anything that resembles Chrono Trigger in any form, even its pseudo-sequel Chrono Cross for the PSX. It is not my absolute favorite RPG of all time but it ranks among the absolute best. Calling it a masterpiece is the only way to do this game justice.After the success of Final Fantasy VI (that's Final Fantasy III on the SNES) Square decided to create a new franchise and it became one of the most sought-after games on the SNES. Every character you use is unique, the different locations you visit are unique, the story is phenomenal, the soundtrack is phenomenal, and the battle system is one of the best in RPG history. There is almost nothing I can say that is negative about this game. This is about as perfect a game as you can get.The game was one of the best of the SNES and it still holds up very well today. It doesn't feel dated and is still every bit a blast to play as it ever was. If you have not played this game and are even remotely into RPGs, to pass this game up you would be doing yourself a huge disservice. Because it's somewhat rare and highly sought-after, prices for SNES cartridge can get pretty high. Luckily it's also available in several other forms: as part of the Final fantasy Chronicles for PSX, as a port to the Nintendo DS, and it's also available for the Wii's Virtual Console. No matter which version you play it's virtually identical in every one. Very many people call this game a masterpiece and you would do well to listen to them. This one should NOT be missed!GRAPHICS: While not revolutionary, they're still pretty good and even hold up pretty well today, at least as far as sprite art goes. It does the job well.Then: 4/5Now: 4/5SOUND: No masterpiece of an RPG is complete without a phenomenal soundtrack. And Chrono Trigger is no exception. The soundtrack that accompanies the game is every bit a masterpiece as the game itself. Very catchy, memorable, and very fitting.Then: 5/5Now: 5/5GAMEPLAY: One of the most unique battle systems to date. It's still a lot of fun to play today as it ever was. I can't believe it's been 18 years since this game was first released because it still plays beautifully.Then: 5/5Now: 5/5STORY: One of the best in the business. It's pretty unique, lots of fun, and really holds your interest the entire way through. At times it's even pretty haunting. A good story evokes one's emotions and this does it as well as any other top-notch RPG story.Then: 5/5Now: 4/5OVERALL: This game is a masterpiece; I don't really know how else to put it. If you have not played this game and you are a fan of RPGs you must play this game and I cannot stress that enough.Then: 5/5Now: 5/5FINAL SCORE: 5/5prediction:4
reviewText:CT is the single best RPG experience you will likely ever find. The battle system is fun and enjoyable, no random battles, you lear tech moves which allow you to perform special attacks on enemies, the soundtrack rules, the graphics are awesome (2D is best), the characters are actually well rounded and memorable, and the story is intricate yet easy to follow and involves time travel obviously. The character designs are done by Akira Toriyama from DBZ fame.Look be honest, in a game that spans 40+ hours the likely hood of you playing it again and again is uncommon. This game can be beaten at anytime! You can go to the last boss very soon after you start the game if you feel inclined to die a horrible painfil death. But you will honestly WANT to play this game over and over because it is fun! There are 13 different endings depending on how you do certain things, plus an unlockable character, and new game plus opens when you beat the game. New game plus allows you to take all your equipment and levels and XP etc. into the game from the beginning minus plot weapons like the Masemune sword for Frog. You should be well into at least LVL 30+ by the end of the game but the max level is ** (star star), each of your stats also have individual maximums of **. You reach lvl ** after lvl 99. It's fun going back through the game at such high levels and using the weakest weapons/armor.Find it, buy it.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is already one of my favorites of all time and I only played it for the first time about two months ago. I did, however, rent it toward the end of my third grade year but when my dad and I went to buy it, they'd stopped selling most SNES games and replaced them with Playstation and N64 all over. But I downloaded this game on an Emulator and finally got to play it again as well as Final Fantasy III (VI), a game I unfortunately never got to play. But all the Final Fantasies are gonna be on the Gameboy Advance pretty soon and I expect this game to be as well, someday. Here's my review.The graphics of this game are awesome. Even SNES games can have incredible graphics. In fact, the graphics here almost surpass many games even today. The storyline is awesome. I won't spoil it, even though some other reviewers already did. But the gameplay is the best of any RPG. Three of the Final Fantasy games should have had this style of gameplay instead of what they did have, which made them very frustrating. All the others are fine, though. I found this game somewhat easy, but I don't mean so much so that it's a breeze, but you'll still find yourself getting stuck on a couple of battles for a while, stop playing for a week, come back and and say 'ahh, I did it...'Overall, I'd play this game over anything today. Ever since video games started looking more like movies, companies just seem to focus on making a game look great instead of having incredible storylines like the games of the SNES era almost all did. I've played Doom 3, Quake 4, Halo, and a ton of other movie games that I only enjoyed for a short amount of time before I just sort of decided to move on to something else. I've had Final Fantasy IV, VII, VIII, IX, and X for years and years and years and I play those more than anything else. Among my favorite video games ever, include The Legend of Zelda: A Link to The Past, Super Mario RPG, all the Mario Bro's games, Zelda: Ocarina of Time, and Super Mario 64. These are all games I grew up with, and I only wish Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy III (VI) could have been a part of my life back then as well.prediction:4
reviewText:Chrono Trigger, released in 1995 by Squaresoft for the long-obsolete (but never forgotten) SNES, is one of the greatest RPGs ever to be assembled. There are a series of pros, and only very few cons.The pros:-For 16 bits, the soundtrack is teriffic.-Same story with the graphics and sound effects.-The battle system is one of the best Square ever came up with.-The originality rate of this game is very high as well.Ultimately, the only con is that parts of the game are a wee bit too easy for some tastes. However, in spite of this fact, I would highly recommend this game to anyone who:A. Owns an SNES.B. Is into RPGs.C. Wants something that will truly mean something in the years to come (it's ten years old now.)Buy it if you are a fan of other Squaresoft role-players, such as the massive 'Final Fantasy' series, the somewhat more obscure 'Mana' series, and also, 'Chrono Cross,' which is somewhat of a followup to this, though none of the characters from this are present, it's still excellent. This may be rare and expensive, but it still comes highly recommended.prediction:4
reviewText:What more could one possibly add?  Chrono Trigger rocks in any epoch.First, you've got a somewhat easy plot--time travelers attempting to avert apocalypse--but then thrown in is the fresh and startling idea of an omnipotent stellar parasite.  It's amazing what imagination gets packed into these 16 bits.  The end of time.  Zeal.  Mystics and Magus. Twists and turns shake out as personalities start reappearing in different guises, chunks of backstory from each character.  The battle system is heavenly, typical RPG ATB plus a new added geometric strategy.  Everything's streamlined, from the tecs to armor shopping.  Graphics are beautiful and somehow simultaneously fun, sound effects spice it up just right.The soundtrack is a model of the video game score, and Mitsuda's tunes are rightly among the mainstays of the genre.  The quartal fanfare of the main theme, the gentle town melodies, the truly haunting overworld tune, the ghastly Magus dirge, the trial background, Robo's electropop track, and Frog's tripletty song, all simply marvelous.The game remains as fun as it was when debuting.prediction:4
reviewText:There are many who feel that Chrono Trigger is the greatest game ever made. Certainly it is one of the greatest RPGs ever made, in my own experience equaled only perhaps by Final Fantasy VII (never did care for any other Final Fantasy games). It's a rolicking-good-time for fans of adventure and sci-fi, and as RPGs go a whole lot of fun. More than that, the genius of its design and brilliance of its story is not debatable. It's legendary. Even better, it makes for a game that's fun!When I first started the game I was wondering exactly how the game would make me feel. I like the deep story of RPGs, but hate dungeon crawling, random battles, and that very irritating feeling of having absolutely no idea where to go next to get the story moving again. I need not have feared, though. Chrono trigger has no random battles, it's castles and dungeons are brief not every-lasting, and thankfully, you will always know where to go next.The story starts with you in your village on the day of the millenial fair, and you quickly meet a girl there and (using your friend's new teleportation machine) find the girl gone and yourself back in time trying to rescue a queen who has been kidnapped (and who your friend has been mistaken for because {surprise, surprise} she is the crown princess and the descent of that queen. You have some adventures come back to your time, get put on trial for kidnapping the princess, and see one of the greatest scenes in any videogame ever, as all your actions in the first hour of the game are played back as evidence against or for you. Eventually you get out of that situation (one way or another) and find yourself again traveling through time, only to find that the world was destroyed by a monster far in the future, unless you can stop it...The prologue is awesome but the main story of the game is really amazing. You have all the classic trapping of a great legend, from a hero turned into an animal, to an ancient sword that has to be reforged, to a princess and an unlikely hero out to save the world. That's enough to make a good game. What propels Chrono Trigger into greatness is the power the story is given by the strength of the characters and writing, and absolutely fantastic presentation and gameplay. The game is loaded with humor character, from the little girl accusing you of not rescuing her cat at the trial, to a tiny furry creature who is the master magician (and keeps popping up in different times doing everything from hiking on the mountain of monsters to playing rag-time on the piano in an inn), from the goblins who wonder why you just popped out of a time portal in their closet to the Frog who talks in noble Shakesparian and the cute robot you find in the future. There were so many times when I played this game and felt real joy in the moments it presented. When I first discovered the robot in the future and his theme played, I felt attached to him instantly (he's so cuuuute), and when the hero frog leapt off saying he had failed to protect the queen,  I felt so bad for him (he was really handy with sword and saved my bacon). That's the kind of thing that gets to you. I haven't felt that way about an RPG since Xenosaga's Cyborg said "Call me Ziggy", and Final Fantasy VII had girls asking a certain brooding hero whether he remembered his promise or would be their bodyguard.It cannot be overstated how much the lack of random battles, and the constant boss battles (which you will almost always win) increase the amount of fun you have with this game. The excellent battle system which highly encourages teamwork amoung your party keeps you constantly on your toes and nervous that you could lose the battle, and never gets tedious or frustrating. The graphics may be old-school, but that about as good sprite-based graphics get. The music is very atmospheric and catchy, and the main themes are just beautiful. The story twists and turns, and how you play can determine the way certain events unfold (the game has more than one ending and you can even play past the "end"). But above all, the story and characters are just impossible not to love if you like a good story. If you like RPGs and don't mind if they're a little old, you will LOVE this game.prediction:4
reviewText:This game, in my childhood, was the beacon of wakefullness.  I would awaken at 3:30 AM to play for four hours straight until I went to school where I would think about its greatness until I came home, only to play for another few hours.  This perfectly describes its pull and incredible execution.  The battle system was markedly improved over its limping predecessor, and the storyline served compulsion to the very end.  This was a prequel of sorts to Lufia 1, and what a brilliant story it is.  I wouldn't want to ruin the story for any prospective buyer, so I won't divulge any details, but take my humble word for it--this game is very worth your money and should be a part of anybody RPG lovers library.prediction:4
reviewText:Kirby, as you know, is the little pink guy who swallows enimies and gains powers by doing so. It's a very fun game, with many games.Spring Breeze: In this quickie, you go through 4 levels to get back the stolen food.Dyna Blade: This time, you have to defeat a giant bird. You can return to levels.The Great Cave Offensive: This one's fun! Try to find all 60 hidden treasures as you try to escape the cave.Revenge of Meta Knight: I like this one. You have to destroy Meta Knight's warship, Halberd. You also hear the conversations between the crew. Notice that the game is timed.Milky Way Wishes: Now you have to stop the sun and moon from fighting [WTF]! To do that, you have to go to other planets to gain their power. You can't gain powers by swallowing enemies this time [gasp!], but you find in hidden places, powers that last forever!!! A cool game.The Arena: In this tough game, you have to defeat ALL the bosses and mini bosses! For a challange, try beating it without powers!The game also has minigames.Gourmet Race: Race DeDeDe while collecting food in 3 tracks!Megaton Punch: Try to defeat your enimies in a strength competition!Samauri Kirby: Test your reflexes!A great feature in this game is that Kirby can turn his power into a computer-controlled buddy! If you have a 2nd controller, you can control the buddy!It's a helluva game, and a must get for your SNES collection.prediction:4
reviewText:I liked this game because it resembles a Mario game to be honest. You walk around eating things, spitting things out, and flying. This game is really fun. I like the fact that when you eat certain things and press the down button you will turn into something else that will help you along your gameplay. It can get slow in some areas but it picks up. I can't think of any con's for this game. Like I stated earlier its a fun game and its kind of like a Mario game.prediction:4
reviewText:This game is one of the best SNES games EVER in my opinion!  For a Capcom title, i'd consider it somewhat underrated.  It's basically a 2-d platformer.  You could say it's somewhat similar to Mario World or the DKC series.  Knock out baddies by jumping on their heads or use special power ups-pass the main stages to fight bosses.  Yeah, we've seen it a million times on the Super NES.  But Capcom really did it 100% on Magical Quest.  The gameplay is fantastic, very consistent.  The graphics are very cartoonish, but they still look great all these years later.  And music??  wow, a favorite SNES soundtrack of mine.  Especially the "Dark Forest" theme...classic.  And if you're worried about this being too "kiddy."  Well let me tell you this!  I swear the third zone is basically Mickey Mouse in HELL!  If you've played this you know what i'm talkin' bout!  But really, I only have 2...well 2 1/2 complaints.1.  No run button!  On many SNES sidescrollers, holding Y will allow you to run...They didn't use that here.  That said, all these years later I still hold Y wen playing this only hoping he'll speed up. :-x2.  Too $hort.  This game is very short.  there are 6-7 worlds, but only consisting of a couple levels each.  A partially skilled player can easily beat this in less than 90 minutes.2 1/2.  This may sound like a dumb complaint based on my #2 (too short)  but there is no save feature, password access, or level select screen.  Sometimes I wanna play a specific level in this, but would have to play through several levels just to reach it.  Minor complaint....Overall and once again, this is an amazing game from start to finish.  I recommend any 90's gamer who hasn't played this to DEFINITELY check it out!!  Like I said before: If you loved Super Mario World and the Donkey Kong Country series, check this out!  Also there are 2 sequels.  #2 is called "The Great Circus Mystery."  Number 3 is "Magical Quest 3 Starring Mickey and Donald", however it was only released in japan initially....but it made it to the states on the Gameboy Adavance.  So break out your Gamecube & GBA Adaptor for that one!prediction:4
reviewText:I only recently acquired a DreamCast console, and - given my specialty in racing games - picked up several racing games shortly thereafter.  Metropolis Street Racer is BY FAR the best of these games, and I find it very difficult to imagine a better racing game for this console.First, Metropolis Street Racer is definitely NOT for the casual racing gamer; those who view racing as continually standing on the accelerator until the race ends will fail miserably in this game.  While speed is needed to clear the many tasks in MSR, the game focuses much more heavily upon racing skill and racing style, with Kudos (points) awarded or detracted based upon the player's performance.Yet this is not the only innovation.  Metropolis Street Racer includes numerous street circuits in Tokyo, London, and San Francisco - in some events, circuits at two or all three of these cities are the norm.  In the Street Racing mode of the game (the main mode of the game), real-world time is used - based upon the console's internal clock and location settings - to determine lighting conditions... which means that to truly perform well, players often need to SCHEDULE when they play the game in relation to the time differentials between the player's time zone and the time zones of the cities in reality to ensure optimal visibility in daylight conditions.  However, the game also includes numerous weather conditions, ranging from clear skies to intense rain to thick fog.Within Street Racing mode, there are numerous types of events.  In Hot Lap, a player must either beat a posted average lap time or score at least one lap time better than the posted time.  Timed Runs force the player to complete a given number of laps within a specific amount of time.  One-on-one pits the player against a solo CPU-controlled competitor in a race.  There are also Street Races, in which the player competes against up to five other cars.  Challenges vary, but can include passing a specific number of cars within a certain period of time, or attaining a minimum number of Kudos.  In all events, the player can choose to "gamble" upon the upcoming performances by adjusting the goals of the events according to the player's racing skill, racing style, and confidence.Having visited both San Francisco and London, I find these locales in the game to be extremely realistic.  I have yet to visit Tokyo, but from the films and pictures I have seen, I find the game's rendition to be quite convincing.  Of these locales, each presents rather different challenges beyond simply racing.  Circuits in London often narrow considerably, and there are often traffic circles, streetlamps, and other such obstacles in the middle of the circuits.  Tokyo also often alternates between wide and extremely narrow sections of raceway, but is very often filled with medians which are often extremely difficult to spot even during perfectly-clear daylight conditions.  San Francisco circuits often make use of the city's steep inclines, which can send cars airborne and thus make cornering impossible.One of the less-crucial but still interesting aspects of the game is the music.  This ranges from jazz to rock to pop to country.  What makes the music so special is its presentation in the form of radio broadcasts, as if the player is listening to the radio while racing.  Each city has its own sets of radio stations, each selected at random by the CPU upon entering a race and localized for each city; this also means that the radio announcers in Tokyo speak in Japanese.  However, the music itself is not truly localized in Tokyo, as there is NO Japanese-language music in Metropolis Street Racer (only songs in English, plus a few instrumentals), which is a severe defect in the planning and creation of the game.Overall, Metropolis Street Racer is a highly unique, highly challenging game.  Players who actually complete the game will have greatly improved their racing skills along the way, which will pay great dividends in other games in this genre.prediction:4
reviewText:MSR is hands down the most realistic and detailed racing game out there ever. I was very impressed with it from day one. The people who rate this game bad are the ones who have no idea about true street racing. Sorry, but you can't make sharp turns at 100 MPH and jump over traffic and slam cars through boulders. It isn't Demolition Racer or Crazy Taxi- granted those games are a blast but are not designed to be realistic. It is however, difficult, and it takes a lot of getting used to master the Kudos system, but the selection of cars is just unreal. I'm still very early in the game but I've seen some of the cars I can't wait to unlock. I'd choose this any day over GT 3 or Tokyo Extreme Racer, graphically and much more and better tracks. As far as the music goes, I personally like most of it, but if you're unhappy with it, just mute the music and pop in a CD in your own stereo which is probably right next to you- plus you still have the sound effects! I also like the wide variety of views, it adds to the realism- I'd love to play this on an IMAX screen. This game definitely offers a challenge, many different tracks, awesome graphics and VERY smooth gameplay. Get it ASAP.prediction:4
reviewText:It's been a long time coming, and Metropolis Street Racer is definitely worth the wait.  It combines new ideas with the best graphics on a console racing game, and manages to mix arcade-style action and realism in a way that's not been seen previously.  In MSR, you race through 25 chapters, each with 10 races (over 250 tracks!) in any of three different cities:  San Francisco, London, or Tokyo.  The time of day in each city corresponds to the Dreamcast's inner clock -- so if you're playing the game in L.A. at 10 pm, it's 6 am when you race a London track -- very cool.  Ambient sounds arise as the day begins as well:  if you're racing in the dead of night you'll hear Big Ben chime the hours, but as day breaks (quite a sight to see -- the sky slowly becomes lighter gray, shadows appear...it's not SUDDENLY DAYLIGHT -- and wait'll you see the sun SET over the Golden Gate bridge -- breathtaking) you'll gradually hear traffic in the background, as well as sounds of construction, birds, etc.  Put this together with the hyper-realistic graphics (each city is modeled after its real-life counterpart with painstaking accuracy, and there's no pop-up or slowdown whatsoever, even in multiplayer mode) and you have a racing environment unlike any other.  Your car is even fitted with a radio that has three unique stations for each city, including news, weather, commercials, and music.  At last -- not the same techno beats race after race (but you could use the car's custom CD player to do that if you wanted).  MSR contains over 40 cars, from MGs to Mazdas to Porsches, and you can choose the color, transmission, license plate, and even window tint and rooftop style(topless, hard, or soft), and they look and sound incredible.  You can't fiddle with engines or suspensions, true, but each car has its own Kudos rating, as well as top speed, acceleration, drive type, and so on.  Kudos is another innovation:  a unique point system that must be satisfied in order to progress through the chapters, unlocking ever more tracks and cars.  Each of the 10 tracks in a chapter presents you with a challenge, which varies hugely from a standard multicar race to a time challenge to a game of How Many Cars Can You Pass Within a Time Limit? and many others.  Outstanding variety -- it's not simply a battle for first place.  You are able to customize the limits in order to attain the maximum Kudos as well:  think you can beat the 40 second time limit for a lap?  Change it to 35.  Even 30.  But be warned:  fail to attain your own goal and you lose Kudos big time.  MSR compels you to get better with a wonderful learning curve that you can actually adjust to your own ability.  And you can re-race any race in any chapter at any time in order to get more Kudos, even using Jokers to double the number of Kudos you gain....but you can lose the same amount, so be cautious when you gamble!  There's definitely a rush when you beat your lowered time limit, finally gaining enough Kudos to open another track!  MSR handles great -- the handbrake works to perfection, enabling you to perform a Kudos-earning skid, but watch out for the walls -- hit em and you lose Kudos.  As the game says, &quot;It's not how fast you drive, it's how you drive fast.&quot;  At the end of each race, you're awarded Skill and Style points, and penalized for each crash, and then further adjustments are made based on if you beat the challenge or not. Graphics-wise, control-wise, and gameplay-wise, MSR sets new standards for racing games.  Add in a fantastic multiplayer mode (you can also up/download track times via the Internet) with several different options, and it's easy to see that this is the best racer to ever appear on any console.  It appeals to casual and hardcore, sim nuts and arcade junkies.  We DC owners sure have it good:  Soul Calibur, Code Veronica, NFL2K1, Shenmue, Jet Grind Radio...and now Metropolis Street Racer, an absolute classic that'll be praised and remembered fondly for a long time.prediction:4
reviewText:My youngest son insisted to him mom that this should be my gift for father's day.  Being a sound and worldly adult I said I didn't care.  Now that I have it I just smile and grin.  I don't think I can count the number of quarters I spent on these games in my youth, in fact a coffie shop near the house has MS Pacman and Galaga and I spent quarters there with both of my boys.  The games themselves are a joy but there are several weaknesses.  The contols for the PACMAN games respond slowly (or maybe I'm just slower) and standard N64 Controler isn't easy for POLE POSITION.  On the whole this is a great set of games invoking a great set of memories and most important fun I can have with my sons.prediction:4
reviewText:I remember having a demo of this game as a kid and I loved to play the demo. Now, I saw it for 15$ and decided to get it. It's better than I remembered.GAMEPLAY: A fine mix of action, Zelda, and RPG. You play as Musashi, the summoned hero. Slaying enimies and solving tricky puzzles in the dungeons. Kinda like Zelda. Musashi has two swords, Fusion, which can swipe fast and turn enimies into powers, [like Kirby] and Lumina, which is slow, powerful, and when you find the Scrolls, can use element power. There is much more things to do, but I'll let you find that on your own.GRAPHICS: They kind of look like FFVII's graphics: Very pologonal characters, but a bit more detailed this time.MUSIC/SOUND: As usual, very good.VOICE: This is the first Square game to have voice acting. The voices can be kind of cheesy, but are very good for a first attempt.Overall, a great game. If you like Zelda, you will like BFM.prediction:4
reviewText:&quot;Diablo&quot; is something of a compromise between true RPGs and arcade games like &quot;Gauntlet.&quot; Basically, it's all about going into a hole in the ground, killing what's there and looting the bodies. The quests and puzzles really aren't challenges, but rather let you know what sort of critters to kill and loot.Having said that, the game is addictive, especially when playing with another person (who preferably is using one of the other classes of character available in the game). Roaming the dungeon under Tristram, hacking your way through hordes of demons and the undead, all for an even shinier and fancier new weapon or suit of armor -- or, most fun, more spells for your Sorcerer -- is a great way to kill an afternoon, and a sure cure for bad days at work.The graphics in the Playstation version are a slight improvement over the disappointing computer graphics -- the camera is zoomed in significantly, letting you see what's going on in the dimly lit dungeon -- and the interface, while not as intuitive and relatively unobtrusive as the one in &quot;Diablo II,&quot; works extremely well and the learning curve for most players will be very short.Two player mode, while lots of fun, does have some limitations, mainly that both players are trapped on a single screen together, and a zealous partner can inadvertently trap the other character behind walls or barrels in the middle of a widespread melee.The violence here is gory, and there's references to violence against the young prince of the land, but for the game is far less graphic and intense than most horror movies, and should be something that teenagers can handle quite easily.The game also has appeal for adults who've tired of the thinking involved with &quot;Warcraft&quot; (or who have experience with paper-and-pencil RPGs) and just want to smite some demons.And while &quot;Diablo II&quot; isn't yet available for any videogame console systems -- and will likely suffer when it does -- this bargain-priced original game will serve as a good primer on the game and its setting and sets the stage for the computer game sequel.A solid game despite its age, and one well worth owning.prediction:4
reviewText:I owned diablo on the pc way before this came out and admittedly, looking at it now it is not ico style graphics. its not meant to be either. this is Hack and Slash at it's best! Hundreds of items, weapons, armor, and so many more! and although this port is Far from Perfect, it IS worth the investment! (**NOTE: because if you think about it as the tech changes pc will not be able to play diablo but ps one and PS2 WILL!**)this game has many quests and deep dungeons to haul vast treasures out of and the game has a great system of rewarding you at every turn plus tons of customization options are available and supports multiplayer and thats the rub, the controls in single player were annoying but multiplayer NO split screen nada same screen and you are stuck together no matter how narrow it gets *and it gets narrow* aside from that area this game is a masterpiece and I will always be a huge diablo fan. The One Game To Hack & Slash them all!Graphics: Then: 4 1/2 starsNow : 3 starsSound: Then: Great! 5 stars.Now: still very good 4 stars.Overall: Single player: 5 star!Multiplayer: annoying but 4 star *you can pk!*Find it here!!!Diabloprediction:4
reviewText:Why has everyone overlooked &quot;Ehrgeiz&quot;?  OK, aside from the fact that its name doesn't include the word &quot;Tekken&quot;.  Sheesh.I *hated* fighting games before Ehrgeiz.  Too much immature button-mashing,  favoring speed over any kind of strategy, improvisation, or skill.  In  Ehrgeiz, there's great depth in understanding and maximizing your character  -- each has strengths and weaknesses, and the fun is from using your money  moves while knowing how to stop your opponent's.A knock against the game  is a widespread allegation of unbalanced, overpowered attacks.  Pish.  Most  attacks can be blocked; all can be dodged, countered, and/or  interrupted.Yeah, the bonus games are fun, but the action at the heart  of the fighting mode is solid.  Don't let this one get away.prediction:4
reviewText:Need For Speed: High Stakes is the only game from the Need For Speed series that I have played, so I cannot compare this particular game to the others in the series.  What I can say is that NFS: High Stakes is a great little game even now, four years later.  The graphics look a little clunky compared to today's technology, yet there is still enough detail to the cars and race track surroundings to keep me happy.  Despite the fact that I obviously am not very good at keeping my car on the track, I think the controls are pretty good.  The only annoying thing is that pushing the joystick up honks the horn, and I end up hitting the up arrow to some degree every time I move from left to right and vice versa.  One feature I really like is the ability to look behind the car during the race, although this usually sends me right into a wall or tree; any time I actually manage to pass another car, I almost have to look back and watch it eat my dust.  The game is truly blessed with many camera angles.  After each race, the game automatically shows you an instant replay of the entire race (unless you choose to skip it), shifting between ten different cameras.  This means I can watch and see just how horrendous all of my crashes were.In many ways, the best part of the game is not the actual racing.  The first thing you have to do is choose a car, and there are at least nineteen cool little speed demons at your beck and call (and even more later on if and when you have enough cash to move up in the world).  If you can't decide which car you want, you can take a trip to the car showroom and hear all sorts of details about the specifications and features of each model available.  Serious players can build, update, and customize any car to make it his/her pride and joy, yet really serious players have the high stakes option of putting their money where their mouths are (i.e., racing for pink slips) - you lose the race, you lose your car.The tracks are really quite diverse and require different driving styles; when you have to deal with a number of hairpin turns, you'd better be a better driver than I am.  Different environments help make each race unique, as you might have to battle bad weather, additional passenger traffic, and the darkness of night.  Of course, you don't have to just go out there and race cold turkey; you can take all the time you want running test laps and getting a feel for each track.  You also have the option of racing in single events or competing in tournaments.My favorite aspect of this game, though, is the Hot Pursuit option.  Here, you can choose either to run from the law or climb inside a police car (which can vary depending on the country in which you are driving) and play Smokey to some other guy's Bandit.  You even get to bang against and all but wreck fleeing speeders in your quest to enforce the law.  Whichever side of the law you choose to play, you are privy to all sorts of great police radio chatter.  Speeders will have to evade not one cop alone but a whole group of them, and these cops coordinate their pursuit tactics.  Roadblocks, spike strips, and a bevy of cruisers trying to block you in can all make for quite an exciting challenge.Need For Speed: High Stakes is getting a little long in the tooth now, as is the original Playstation console, but the game is still a lot of fun to play when you just want to goof around for a little while.  Serious gamers will unlock cars and tracks that more casual players may never see for themselves, but any novice can pop in the CD and entertain himself/herself with a world of fun features.prediction:4
reviewText:Have you ever wondered what would happen if Resident Evil and Final Fantasy had a baby? If so, the answer is Parasite Eve. The story is about an NYPD cop named Aya Brea, whose life gets turned upside down during a visit to a theater. She goes to see an opera with her boyfriend, and all seems to be going well, the singer; Melissa; has a beautiful voice and everything is running perfectly until people start to self-combust (catch fire by themselves). Only Aya miraculously survives and Eve has mysteriously disappeared, so you must go find her, and as a dutiful police officer, arrest her. Then wierd things start happening in the dressing room area. A rat suddenly appears, and then it begins squealing uncontrollably as it begins to mutate into a grotesque abomination (Remember the scene in The Thing when the dog changed into the alien? Yeah, it was that disgusting.) Then it turns out Melissa is a horrible monster called Eve, who can spawn creatures called Neo-Mitochondria. As the game explains it, this particular parasite makes the mitochondria in the cells gain more energy than the cell itself causing the body to get really hot and make it catch on fire by itself or turn into a gel substance. There is a more detailed explanation in the game, but I gave you the shorter version. Then you begin to have strange visions from your past that you'd long forgotten for good reasons. This is only the beginning of the game, you face even more dangerous and freakier creatures later. This game is ultimately a quest to destroy Eve, save the world, wipe out the Neo-Mitochondria creatures, and discover the secrets of your past. This game has incredible CG-animated cutscenes that are very impressive, even to this day. The in-game graphics of the environments are incredible as well, but the character models look ugly in real-time. The gameplay is a mix of turn-based and real-time combat, what I mean is, on this game you wait your turn to attack but you can move around. Unfortunately, this can also hamper the experience in some ways because the enemies move around too, and sometimes the space you're enclosed in is too small for you to really avoid being hit. Luckily, this rarely dampers the experience because this game is absolutely incredible with its creepy Resident Evil-style creatures and atmosphere, phenomenal CG-animation, cool gameplay, storyline, cool bosses, and challenging gameplay. If you like RPGs and you like Resident Evil this game is a must-have because it's so awesome. I love this game, and there's no reason any RPG fan should hate it.prediction:4
reviewText:Admittedly back in the day after Squaresoft had such a resounding success with Final Fantasy 7, I could not wait to see what the next Squaresoft game would be. I saw this as a new release and like other games, they showed impressive visuals on the back case with very little regarding the story. It seemed interesting so I bought it.This is a real interesting turn on an Action RPG game. Battles are in real time (not ATB but a hybrid of sorts), and you can move all around the 3d area and avoid attacks if need be. You have a alot of weapons you can customize with parts to make even more powerful.Heres the kicker... what a cool story.Never, ever would I have come up with a concept like this. Its so radical and far out that its what makes it so good and fun to play.I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes good action, rpg elements and a fantastic story. I still remember showing this game to a friend of mine back when I first got it. He was engrossed in it... catch was he could never remember the title of the game lol.It has immense replay value. Check it out!prediction:4
reviewText:This game has one good quality: pure and nonsensical violence.  However, unlike other games out there, this is truly macho violence.  First off, this game is about riding a sport or Harley motorcycle and whacking other gang members, and most importantly, winning the race.  Next, the controls are simple and easy to learn, and the bikes are variably responsive, depending on the motorbike that you choose.  True, the graphics are a little pre-dated as compared to the Playstation 2, but it does the job.  There will be some pop-up and vanishing acts of people.  It does offer a tremendous multiplayer game, from co-op to versus.  With the gang members whacking you with various weapons and cops on bikes chasing you, this has to be the most fun.  This game even offers &quot;Five-O&quot; Mode where you get to be the cop.  That has to be one of the best modes for this game.  The cutscenes for this game are weak; they are really, really bad.  Overall, this game is great, and this should be a fun and exceeding addition to any Playstation library.prediction:4
reviewText:My review's title is no joke, I'm serious with this one. Xenogears and Final Fantasy VII are two of the greatest stories EVER told, and do not laugh when I say I rank them along with many other classic stories of epic proportions. (Tolkien's mythical Middle Earth, Homer's Odyssey and Iliad, Dante's Comedy, Herbert's Dune Chronicles and many others)Opening with an enigmatic quote (Straight from the Bible, I believe) and a mysterious prologue, the game tales the story of Fei, a young artist and martial arts expert who seems to remember nothing of his life except for a blurred memory of his arrival to the village where he now lives. He is often praised by the villagers as a good, honest and hard working man with a humble and warm heart, a trait that has earned him the love of almost everyone in the village.But one day, when enemy forces (The village is located on a war torn continent) accidentally fall under the village, Fei's life is transformed forever, an event that will change the fate of the planet forever.This game is one of the three games (The other two are Final Fantasy VII and FF VIII) that are very dear to me, not only because of the storyline, but because it has sentimental value for me as well. I played this game when I was passing through a very difficult time in my life (Existential problems. I still have them but now I have a lovely girlfriend who cares about me) and found much comfort on this game and was surprised of just how much I could relate to. Do not be fooled, this game deals with many important issues, such as depression, happiness, friendship, hate, vengance, corruption and the Nature of the Universe. But most importantly, the search of one's Raison D'tre.As an atheist, I found this game magnificent, it just agrees with my naturalistic philosophy. Christians, do not be fooled: even though this game deals with the corruption of the Church and the whole God business as well, it still has a wonderful message. Some of my Christian and Catholic friends say that if viewed from a certain angle, it is in fact a pro-God game. (I still believe it isn't) In any case, that is not the important message of the game.Now that the PS2 is out, another Xenogears game is coming out. Is it gong to be a sequel or a prequel? You need to play Xenogears to find out.prediction:4
reviewText:Truthfully, I really want to be able to recommend this game.  It's not as though there's not a lot here to recommend--the story is well written, and though it doesn't stray TOO far from the well-beaten RPG path, it does break some new ground.  The battle system, while not revolutionary, is at least workable.  More than anything, I got around forty hours of solid enjoyment out of this title.The only problem is that it took me sixty hours to finish the game, and it's those other twenty that get in the way of my giving an unconditional recommendation.  There are a lot of ways to screw up a game.  You can poorly design the levels, you can write a broken combat progression, you can blow the ending--the list is pretty well endless.  One way that I never thought I'd witness, however, is simply not finishing the thing.  This game is not done.  There is no other way to put it.All the way up through the end of the first CD, things cruised along nicely.  Then, all of a sudden, the world map disappeared.  That's the only way I can think to put it.  Whereas before I had been able to control where my characters went and explore the environments, now I was forced to sit through rather uninteresting sequences featuring one of the lead characters sitting in a wicker chair and telling me what I supposedly just did.  The ONLY interaction between the game and the player through that second CD consists of fighting the boss battles that it unceremoniously thrusts you into.That is a terrible, criminal sin of game design.  You are allowed to put the plot on a rail if you want, but you DO NOT get to take away any ability the player may have had to control the game or interact with the world.  At that point, your "game" ceases to be a game and becomes an experiment in button pushing.  I don't mind exposition, but I do expect to have some control over my own fate when the speech gets done.  If you take that away from me, I get angry, and this game made me VERY angry.There are other problems here as well.  By Square standards, the localization is dismal.  While it's not as incomprehensible as, say, Okage, there are still some pretty serious mistakes in the English script.  Is it just me, or is it reasonable to expect that the people localizing my game for me know that the word is "should've"--not "should of."  Mistakes like that are strewn throughout the game text, and I must admit that it detracted a little bit from my ability to enjoy the experience.  Of course, as the game progressed, those errors got worse.  Around halfway through the second CD, the script writers were dropping words by the twos and threes.  Now, that didn't throw me SO much, since I normally read like that anyway, but for people who, you know, like to have all the words, this could be a problem, particularly coming from Square--a house made famous in part by its great localization efforts.The plot is a little bit more adult than you're likely to find with other games in the genre.  Indeed--any parents out there who might be concerned with their children reading thinly veiled discussions of pedophile priests and cartoon buttocks would be well advised to avoid this title.  It's really pretty standard anime/manga fare on the whole, but, strangely enough, you don't see much of that in the video game industry, so the game manages to be unique and interesting.  Of course, the religious references could use some work.  I know from Dogma that Metatron is the recording angel (and that's pretty obscure), but I find it difficult to believe that somebody who hasn't been through seminary is going to be able to appreciate all of the parallels that this plot has with the Christian faith.On the whole, this game is ALMOST incredible.  Had it stayed in production for another year, it might have made it all the way there.  Unfortunately, the product that we're left with is unfinished, with some incredibly serious problems near the end (for example, what is the point of letting me run around all over the world map and collect all these great pieces of character gear if the last dungeon is a GEAR dungeon?).  As it stands, RPG faithful and anybody willing to overlook the game's faults should find an interesting experience, but I wouldn't recommend it to anybody who's not a member of one of those niche groups.  We can only hope that Xenosaga (NOT a prequel, as most would have you believe), due out early next year in the U.S., avoids the mistakes that hold this title back.prediction:4
reviewText:And I put RPG's in quotes because its a joke to call someofthese games by that name. Xenogears is most likely the mostthought-provoking and deep RPG to ever hit a console. Good luckfinding it.STORY AND INSIGHT (NO SPOILERS): Created by the samemasterminds that created Chrono Trigger and Chrono Cross, this gamewill have you question life and existance itself.  It masterfullyblends fantasy and reality to create startingly realistic settings ina fictional world. The game is out-of-print, however, so manyhard-core gamers searching for this rare gem are at the mercy of theauctioneers at Ebay. So why would such a game be out-of-print? Myguess would most likely be pressure from all sorts of religiouscommunities, especially Christianity. The core of the game ispresented around organized religion in general, and presents manyglaring corruptions that most likely exist in many organized religionstoday. While the fictional religion presented in Xenogears does bearsome striking resemblance to Christianity, there are also the samenumber of factors that set it apart, such as: there is no Christ init, and the preachers go around hunting evil creatures called&quot;reapers.&quot; However some similarities cannot be denied, but Iwill not touch upon them as they could be consideredspoilers...GRAPHICS AND GAMEPLAY: Enough about that, now about thegameplay. The controls are simple (as in any RPG) and its easy tonavigate due to the fully 3D environments. The battle system, whilenot the deepest, is probably the most fun I've had with an RPG sofar. For fighting by hand, you create fighting combos with thetriangle, X and square buttons. Kinda like Street Fighter meets FinalFantasy. There's also a second combat system involving robots named&quot;Gears.&quot; This one is a little more strategy involved, as themore powerful attacks you use, the more fuel you use. You don't evenget the necessary parts to heal your Gear until you're about 15 hoursinto it, thus adding more challenge.OVERALL: Its is a greatgame.... However, the story moves extremely slow at times. Trust mewhen I say that this only lasts for a few hours. Usually when thishappens, a major plot point will occur shortly after. Give it love andpatience and you will find yourself with the greatest RPG for thePlaystation.prediction:4
reviewText:This game had what I wanted: it made me think, it had plot, the characters ARE deep (if you actually, you know, READ the words that appear onscreen), the gameplay didn't get old, music was great, and it provided a challenge. Oh, and it's long.I'm not a real graphics kind of guy; if a game has great visuals, more power to them, but I won't deny a game greatness because the graphics are a tad outdated. Besides, this game has excellent Anime artwork throughout.As far as talking is concerned, the grammar was sub-par, but I forgive them; grammar doesn't make or break my game.The real area causing anger would probably be the letdown of Disc Two: not to spoil, but the majority of it are the main characters telling you the story. A great part of this is that you have time to absorb the story. A horrid drawback is that...well, you can't move. You're just waiting, waiting for the time when you get to go back to exploring and playing in the rather enjoyable battle system.At the end, you regain control for an indefinite amount of time to do as you wish, so I forgave Square and Monolith for what they did to the rest of the disk. It's a shame that funding was cut, because that second disk could have been phenomenal. All in all, it was still excellent.And then the deepness. It makes you question your perception of religion, if you read enough into it. It truly poses great questions, which, to the ordinary person, seem contrived and impossible, but actually when thought about make much more sense than it seems.Anyhow, I loved this game, and I wish I owned a copy. If you can borrow it, do so; if  you can buy it, do so; if you can steal it...uh...get back to me on that one. It's worth getting, definitely worth playing.prediction:4
reviewText:With the popularity of Anime on the rise, this title will do nothing but help.  Xenogears is an amazing RPG.  Its dual battle system (with or without Gears) is great.  The point system used to gain powerful attacks is  very interesting too, if a little complicated.The game covers a large  world with a lot of characters.  The storyline is great.  It's one of the  best that I've seen, comparable to Final Fantasy VII and much better than  VIII.The only complaint I have is with the save and repair systems.  Saving only occurs on the world map or at save points (like most Squaresoft  RPG's) that are spread much too far apart.  Repairing Gears can only occur  in gear shops (same with refueling).  Combining this with the save system  can make the game very difficult, especially the very end.Other than  that, this game is great.  I highly recommend it to any RPG fan.  It's has  a new twist to the RPG theme and has a great story driving it throughout.prediction:4
reviewText:This Playstation classic uses the basics of strategic combat from such masterpieces as the Shining Force series, and adds new levels of realism, such as elevation, concealment, and facing.Probably the worst thing about Vandal Hearts is that it is absolutely and perfectly linear. Unlike Shining Force, in Vandal Hearts you cannot replay any of the battles. You cannot egress at critical moments. There are no secret items or characters (save for the unimpressive hidden herbs and mushrooms you might accidentally find behind trees and under rocks). Vandal Hearts is an exercise in pure, unadulterated tactics, unspoiled by almost any semblance of role-playing. There are few types of weapons, and approximately two dozen of different sorts of items. Where this game succeeds is the selection of character classes and the number of possible strategies.Just like in Shining Force, here you can promote your characters to better classes, although in Vandal Hearts you can do it twice: once at level 10 and a second time at level 20. Just like in Shining Force, some of your characters can have a choice of classes to which they can be promoted.So where does this all come together? Just like in the mass battles in Suikoden, the classes follow a cyclical hierarchy: sword beats arrow beats air beats sword. This rock-paper-scissors element hadn't entered the strategy scene prior to Vandal Hearts. Naturally, there are also other, more popular conventions of precedence: opposing elements and the precedence of spells over physical defense will play a major role in the player's thinking.Lastly, the graphics must be spoken of. Unfortunately, there isn't much to say: on the various zoom levels, the battlefield ranges from &quot;hard to see&quot; to &quot;pixilated&quot;. The characters are hard to tell apart, especially when they stand in a group. The spell effects are functional at best. In other words, nothing a persistent gamer can't handle.Vandal Hearts is a natural transition point from the early consoles to the Playstation and beyond. It is a good beginner's game, as well as an entertaining, if temporary diversion for a master gamer.prediction:4