reviewText:If you like rally cars get this game you will have fun.It is more oriented to &#34;European market&#34; since here in America there isn't a huge rally fan party. Music it is very European and even the voices from the game very &#34;English&#34; accent.The multiplayer isn't the best but it works just ok. prediction:0
reviewText:I had Dirt 2 on Xbox 360 and it was an okay game. I started playing games on my laptop and bought a few new games to build my collection. This game is very fun to play. It is so much better than Dirt 2. If you like racing games you should check this out. The graphics are perfect on my compter. prediction:0
reviewText:Overall this is a well done racing game, with very good graphics for its time period. My family has has enjoyed playing it a great deal. I personally think a steering wheel controller is almost a necessity for this game, but an x box type controller would probably work. The keyboard would be almost impossible, and not very fun. The "windows live" system detracts greatly, since you must log in and be online to play or save game progress. There was a mees up with my "Live" log in and the game would no longer accept my activation code and I had to rebuy the game if I wanted to play. There is no customer support at all. Dirt 2 suffers from this serious flaw as well. 4 1/2 star game 1 star Windows Live feature. prediction:0
reviewText:I can't tell you what a piece of dog**** this game is. Like everything else Microsoft makes- it doesn't work. When are they going to take a cue from Apple and make things that actually work the first time and every time. To log onto this game they make you jump through a series of hoops that takes like 15 min. to accomplish. If you want another disappointment from Microsoft, buy some "Games for Windows Live" games.  I just wanted a simple arcade like driving game when I have a young boy visiting. If that's what you want, don't buy this. If you want to hire a consultant to help you run this game, then buy it.  oh, one more thing, every time I do get this game to play my joystick stops working (there's Windows 7 for you) prediction:0
reviewText:I initially gave this one star because it was crashing on me constantly but I recently narrowed it down to a plug-in I was using for my porsche wheel. Game plays well and looks gorgeous when image spanned across three monitors. I would have given it five stars if it wasn't for the annoying Microsoft Games for Live application that makes you go through hoops to set it up and causes problems of it's own (occasional crashes) prediction:0
reviewText:I'm not quite finished with the game's DiRT Tour mode, but I believe I've experienced the bulk of what the game has to offer.  And I'm happy to say that the game is indeed awesome.  Great cars, great tracks and racing modes, excellent gameplay and graphics.  The highlight has been racing in the snow on various tracks in Aspen.  There are also some really cool obstacle courses on pavement, which are new to the series.At first, I felt that the game was plagued with the same difficulty spike DiRT 2 had, where you can win any race without trying on casual difficulty, then lose big time on medium.  Then I found the custom difficulty settings where you can choose from 5 levels of challenge, then pick and choose from all the other assists and handling options.  Basically, you can let the game play itself by just holding the throttle and steering, or take gradual steps to reach what you feel works best for you.  Love this feature!  Sadly, there is no option to increase the 360 controller's dead zone or adjust the sensitivity.  I'm doing ok as is, but some tweaking would be ideal.Much like the previous two games, the handling is a bit flighty.  But that's speeding on loose ground for you.  Still, I feel things have tightened up somewhat since DiRT 2.  Still no cigar, but it's a step forward.  The game runs as smooth as silk on my 560ti wih all the settings maxed.  No issues whatsoever.  If you enjoy racing games, this is not one you should ignore.  It's the best DiRT so far. prediction:0
reviewText:Dirt 3 on DVDi collect racing games so had to add this to my collectionSon wated one also prediction:0
reviewText:I bought this and the key didn't work.  It was a gift, and the recipient wasn't able to solve the problem.  It might have been a good game, but I never found out because the key failed. prediction:0
reviewText:Crashed in Vista.  Codemasters told me they don't support it in Windows 8.  Couldn't get it to work even after looking on the Internet. prediction:0
reviewText:This game was a rip-off.  It has less terrain, less tracks, and less features than DiRT 2.  The graphics are about the same.  Not worth the money, at all. prediction:0
reviewText:In today's game market it's easy to miss racing games that aren't part of the license-heavy Forza or Gran Turismo franchises. Dirt 3 for PC is in an even worse boat than most since it's been a giveaway for a couple years now with every DX11 compliant ATI video card. As a result a lot of people who get it send it straight to eBay and most people who do play it have not bought it new.This is a shame because Dirt 3 is a fun little game. There's a great assortment of multinational tracks, and a wide array of classic and modern rally cars to choose from. As a rally game, Dirt 3 ditches the comfortable confines of tracks and sends you headlong across snow and gravel in a world where keeping control of your car is a greater skill than making it around the turns. Dirt 3 wears a veneer of noisy, fun arcade-style game play, but under the hood it calls for quick reactions, a good understanding of road surfaces, and nerves of steel. Sadly, it also calls for a gamepad or wheel- you will almost certainly find the keyboard too all-or-nothing for serious racing.PROS:-Visually stunning engine that makes full use of DirectX 11 effects-Soundtrack is an appealing mix of classic prog rock and modern music that does a good job of being vaguely European and not too intrusive-Successfully models an arcade-like complexity of play with a surprisingly deep simulation of track conditions and vehicle handling-In-car camera gives a stomach-churning stream of nonstop thrills as you launch over crests and 2-wheel hairpins-Probably the most realistic depiction of drifting/powersliding to appear in a video game (it's frightening, nauseating, and usually a bad idea)-3D support!CONS:-Lower difficulties aren't much fun, highest difficulty is brutally hard-Small fanbase of hardcore racing nuts may make multiplayer a bit hard for newcomers (Dirt 3 players seem pretty nice though)-Essentially requires some sort of analog input-May confuse players who aren't familiar with the rules and conditions of rally-style racingOther thoughts:-You need to plug your youtube credentials into the game to let it export your highlights to YouTube. I don't think CodeMasters wants to rip you off, but if it makes you uncomfortable, create a new Google identity for use with Dirt 3. Easy!-LEARN THE TRACKS. Learn the tracks, learn the tracks, learn the tracks.-If you want to win, employ a Fin! prediction:0
reviewText:DiRT 2 was like this.  I'm becoming more & more suspicious of games like this that require a continuous open Internet to play.  It just seems like bait set out for some young naive prey to fall for.  Does anyone honestly believe that personal information is collected for no particular reason?  I don't care what they say publicly.  Any assurances of privacy protection are quite hollow without close oversight, and nobody's looking.  It's quite a different thing to knowingly step out into a multiplayer server where you know you're being tracked, but this type of continuous spying is something more.  That aside, this carrot on a stick has more problems than just security.CONS - Requires open Internet (Windows Live) to play.  Annoying interface.  Continuous reminders to upload and download things you already selected not to do.  Most settings don't keep between sessions.  Setting up a race takes way too long.  Irritating "music" you can't turn off (it keeps coming back).  Takes too long to unlock things.  Entire career mode is pointless when the game setup is so irritating I just wanted out.  Video stuttering (possibly my equipment).PROS - Eye candy.  Plenty of game modes.  Enough tracks to get going.  Fairly good variety of cars.  Scaled difficulty levels from casual to advanced.I think this franchise, like many others, continues soley for the purpose of farming user information; where it seems the real money is.  If I can't turn it off, and some else controls the on-off switch, that's a problem.  Sometimes it might be worth it, but not here.  I found some entertainment value, but very briefly.  Anyway,  just my opinion... prediction:0
reviewText:I would like give this game 4 or 5 stars, if I could get it to run. Like others the game crashes on start-up or in the game and Codemasters has been absolutely no help in correcting it. Why they can't get their asses in gear (pun intended) and fix it I don't know, but with so many folks reporting the problem it isn't just occasional. I assume they either can't replicate the problem or just don't care. Lacking any help from Codemasters, I've tried the various fan fixes, including uninstalling Rapture 3D. Also tried installing on Vista and Win 7 and that didn't help either, which is a shame since from the other reviews it seems like a great racing sim. prediction:0
reviewText:The game itself is great, but Games for Windows Live is such a frustrating piece of garbage.  I wish it would just die and stop bringing down my PC gaming experience. prediction:0
reviewText:This is a pretty fun game, but you have to buy most of the cars and tracks from the online store. The game claims to provide so much more content, however, the "scam" is, that you don't get that content with the game. You need to buy it. If you win races you will get a message saying "YAY! You can now purchase your new car from the online store!!!"OMG REALLY??? I CAN SPEND MORE MONEY ON A GAME I ALREADY PAID FOR??? NO WAI!!!!But overall, if you don't mind playing with the same default cars all the time, it's a pretty fun game. I really only play online mode, which allows you to race against other people. The computer on this game is WAY to easy so single player isn't any fun. You could drive backwords and still beat the computer. prediction:0
reviewText:This is a must have for any gamer. Codemasters really hit a home run on this one. I would like to see F1 2011 be this good using the ego engine 2.0 and the physics model in this game is right on the money. This game is the reason everyone should buy the best graphics card they can afford. I am using a nvidia 460 overclocked, and I have on order a 590. I want to run this game with everything on highest level. I swear to you that even with the 460 + , the graphics are very realistic and I really enjoy racing at ground level. This game makes Codemasters the king of graphics realism. BUY THIS GAME !!!!!December 6, 2011  I saw my review of the Internet and wanted to update it for you. First of all anyone with this program, BUY the extra environments and cars. It is money well spent and a first class job of an addon. I wanted everyone to know that this program is still the top of the heap in graphics. I bought Battlefield 3 and it is good, but not the standard of the ego 2 engine. Codemasters are the king of graphics so far and I find that the more realism a game has, the more adicted you will become. No other program running with all variables to the max, looks like Dirt 3. Thank God for codemasters and I can hardly wait for GRID 2 in the summer. prediction:0
reviewText:I bought this microphone to further enhance my Rock Band experience.  I was not disappointed.  It kept in tune well (which was a problem I saw with other microphones) and was light enough to not be a burden of any kind.  I don't mind that it is not wireless, since I wouldn't move around much anyways.  Also, the fact that it doesn't have buttons didn't bother me, mainly because I don't mind using a controller to navigate.  I do think it could have been packaged better, but I don't fault the microphone for it.  Overall, a very simplistic, yet functional, design that works well. prediction:0
reviewText:I cannot get this thing to work with my Wii Rockband 3.It might be related to the USB hub that I'm using, but it simply refuses to be detected by the game.Cosmetically, it's a microphone. Bit on the ugly side.I would be wary of compatibility issues with this one. prediction:0
reviewText:I played the original Zelda as a boy.  I've enjoyed a lot of good times playing this updated version with my 10 yr. old son.  Great adventures and game play, and luckily we can find tips for problems we confront on the internet.  Very well designed game that is user friendly.  Awesome. prediction:0
reviewText:The greatest bait and switch betrayal of a fanbase in videogaming history and most hated game of all time.To begin I will provide Amazon's customer base the &#34;tale of the turd&#34; as I call it in relation to this abomination's &#34;quality&#34; or rather lackthereof:Gameplay: Utterly challengeless. A lobotomy patient, a two year old drooling baby in a feces filled diaper or even an individual with a severe case of down syndrome could easily complete this game in a single sitting with minimal effort. Just mash buttons or &#34;spam&#34; the controls as PC gamers would say and you'll eventually complete this atrocious slap in the face Disney level Aonuma dreck.Graphics: Hideous, vomit inducing, ridiculous, teletubbies-esque, bait and switch from what we were originally promised at Spaceworld 2000 (realistic style epic, cool and beautiful graphics with a decidedly Lord Of The Rings style flare) Also there are ugly and gaudy white lines that appear all throughout Wand Wacker indicating Nintendo was not able to polish this turd before release. Oh what a shame.Sound: The only redeemable inspiring thing about this Aonuma dud is the ocean music likely composed by Koji Kondo. The rest is detestable Saturday morning cartoon level kiddy drivel. Soccer moms and grandparents should approve. Real Zelda fans can only vomit at this level of disrespect Nintendo has stooped to in order to insult us.Theme: Near total rip off of Kevin Costner's Water World to such a great extent I fully believe Costner could probably win a lawsuit against Nintendo for royalties if he so desired. Needless to say this watery environment is not what true Zelda fans look forward to when we go to pick up a new Zelda game. No, what we're looking for is the green forests and fields of Hyrule proper, not some watery grave that sits atop it for reasons likely relating to Aonuma's child learning how to bathe for the first time and Aonuma getting inspired to make Zelda into a giant bathing simulator via Wand Wacker. I've said it before and I'll say it again Nintendo needs to fire Eiji Aonuma and his entire Zelda team and get normal people developing the Zelda series again for it to return to health.Commentary: The online game journalists also known as professional liars can attempt to re-write history all they like but The Legend Of Celda: Wand Wacker will go down as the most hated videogame of all time and the greatest betrayal of a fanbase in gaming history.This was Nintendo, Miyamoto and Eiji Aonuma's Vince Mcmahon esque &#34;Screw you!&#34; to the true Zelda fanbase and by true Zelda fanbase I'm not referring to the scumbag sycophants that populate online gaming message forums but the market in general who determines whether videogames become massive successes or massive failures and the true Zelda fans spoke loud and clear not once but twice.Two whole times on that Wand Wacker piece of dog excrement first with its original Gamecube release and second with its Wii U HD re-release that this is not the way that they envisioned the Legend Of Zelda series, this is not the way they wanted it to go and as a result Wand Wacker flopped mightily BOTH times as such a Benedict Arnold or Rosenbergs esque betrayal is destined to do.To rephrase a quote from Ridley Scott's Gladiator: &#34;Marcus Aurelius had a dream that was Zelda and this is not it, THIS IS NOT IT!&#34;We were lied to and led to believe that the epic, cool, badass, Spaceworld 2000 realistically presented Zelda would be what we would soon be getting on the Gamecube but then much later the bait and switch hideously deformed Celda Wand Wacker made its debut to boos and hisses worldwide and massive hate on the internet was poured it and Nintendo's way (before the damage control brainwashing took effect which has left a dishonest internet forum gaming community in its wake who pretends to love Wand Wacker in order to shill and run damage control for Nintendo while real Zelda fans have abandoned Nintendo due to its betrayal of them for the other consoles or PC gaming if they haven't simply upped and left gaming in disgusting over this nasty unnecessary debacle and betrayal of Zelda's true fans.Eiji Aonuma the hack no talent Jimmy Fallon Of Japan enabled by the out of touch Shigeru Miyamoto has been ruining the Zelda series since he took up its reigns to create the embarrassment known as Majora's Mask.Aonuma's first game &#34;Marvelous&#34; failed (MARVELOUSLY!) and he had no credentials at all to be given the Zelda series but insanely Nintendo gave it to him and ever since he's been driving Zelda along with it's sales figures into the ground making one boring puzzle filled bad NPC filled faux Zelda game after another.When the truth of the matter is Zelda is supposed to be an arcade action adventure sword and sorcery game with light RPG elements thrown in for good measure.Aonuma completely butchers this formula in favor of the boring garbage gameplay elements he prefers and the market lets him know what it thinks of his efforts by making sure his version of Zelda ends up in the bomba discount gaming bins where such low quality trash belongs.In anycase to re-iterate so as to set this very important point in stone once more:Wand Wacker offers up literally no gameplay challenge whatsoever and can be completed by a lobotomy patient (as is typical of Aonuma offerings).Conclusion: My rating of this turd is 1 star since I can't give it lower due to how Amazon's system is set up. prediction:0
reviewText:lookin for a rpg? this is the game for you. filled with many hours of gameplay to find all the hidden items. casual gameplay, unless you try to collect everything, then it's hardcore. good controls and challenging puzzels give this game its rateing. prediction:0
reviewText:Are 9 out of 10 GAMECUBE games like this little kid's game terrible? Answer: YesI bought the game, and I regret it so much! prediction:0
reviewText:While the product is what it is described as, it unfortunately will give me no signal whatsoever. I believe it is a fault of the a/v cable side, as plugging that in, unplugging it, blowing on it, hissing at it, calling it names, then plugging it back in seems to make it work again. I did check and have the problem across more than one tv, so it's not the tv's fault. I have no way to determine with confidence if it is a fault of the Wii, but I doubt so, as the Wii has no problem with its standard definition cabling that it came with (why, Wii, did you not include component/hdmi cabling by default? HD isn't that rare). Ah, but it is the most inexpensive version of this cable I could find, and the picture is markedly better using this than the original cabling. prediction:0
reviewText:I was very disappointed in this item.  We thought we would get a better picture than the standard WII video cables, but definatley took a leap in the wrong direction.  I would not recommend. prediction:0
reviewText:I enjoyed the first Hawx game. However they left out some key things in Hawx 21) No coop mode - I really enjoyed that2) Can't choose your own plane right off the bat. You have to use whatever they tell you.Those two things will make me not play this game anymore! prediction:0
reviewText:I loved the first Hawx PC game when it came out. Playing Hawx 2 got boring after several missions, is just a shame. prediction:0
reviewText:>>>Mild Spoilers&lt;&lt;&lt;Let me first off say that I was a huge fan of the first HAWX installment and an overall huge fan of anything Clancy. I was eager to get this game because I had seen some great in-game footage of the AC-130 mission and landings were now included. Before I start telling you why this game is a disappointment let me tell you what is good about it.1) The graphics are just as good if not better than the first HAWX. The detail of the maps are great and give you an almost there feel. The planes seem better as well. The plane graphics seem more realistic with a more war worn look that's not as clean as before.2) It's more realistic. Even though you still have a ton of missiles available it seems the designers spent more time making it tougher to hit the target.3) The A.I. is a lot more difficult. Gone are the days of sending out 4 missiles at a time, every map, at every threat. I only remember one map where multi-target was available and that was for ground targets.4) New technology. You not only get to control an AC-130 but there are drones and precision guided bombs that expand the gameplay.Now for the not-so-good parts of the game. I really like tough games, they are a challenge and make for more fun but this game almost made me snap the disc in half. Here's why.1) Your wingmen are absolute garbage. They don't seem to do anything other than warn you of incoming missiles, as if the red warning lights, picture in picture, and warning buzzers weren't enough.2) You will spent 90% of your time dodging missiles and 10% of your time TRYING to have a decent dog fight. The MIG-29's are great they are extremely tough to get a lock on but as soon as you get any where close to missile lock you have to break off in order to escape incoming missiles.3) The missions are scripted. You can't pick which targets to engage like you could in the first HAWX. If you are trying to protect a ground base from tanks you'll be forced to break off and take out incoming fighters. When you attempt to kill the fighters the ground forces practically destroy the base. Once you get rid of the fighters and try to take on the ground forces again you are taken to a cut-scene or the mission ends. That's what really gets me, the enemy doesn't retreat if you overwhelm them like the first, its just over.4) The storyline is boring. Rebel forces take over some Russian nukes, WOW that hasn't been done to death. Thankfully you can skip the load-screens after about thirty seconds.5) This isn't that big of a deal but the game is pretty sexist. There is a female pilot who talks quite a bit throughout the campaign and she is pretty much the only source of a "team" feel. When she talks she is almost instantly told to be quite by one of your wingmen. In the end she sacrifices herself trying to take out an enemy target and the game is like, "alright she's dead who's up next?".6) No choices of what planes or missile packages you get to fight with. You are given some really bad planes to take into combat and don't expect to play with to many US aircraft, the game is set as a world conflict so you only get to play the F-22 and Warthog in a couple missions, otherwise your Russian, French or English.The first game was great it had creative and fun missions like protecting the President of the United States and taking on wave after wave of ground targets. This game is intense but I would say its not very fun. There seems to have been a complete lack of imagination on this one. I have only played the multiplayer a few times and it seems to be a rank up as you go system so maybe that is worth the price of the game. All I can say is the campaign is a huge let down.ALL FEEDBACK IS APPRECIATED. THANKS AND GOOD GAMING. prediction:0
reviewText:nice cheap made cover it doesnt fot very tight but it does the job if you want to extend the life of your controller this is it prediction:0
reviewText:nice skin for xbox controllers makes them more slip free and smooth softer too good deal and nice stuff try one prediction:0
reviewText:Easy install and feels great. The skin fits really well and functions properly. I did have to trim up around the triggers because they moved around while I used them, but after that it was perfect. prediction:0
reviewText:Have had this skin for almost 2 months and so far there are no signs of wear or tear which is good. Its sticky just enough to be grippy but not overly so. It protects the controller fairly well. Keeps it from getting dirty as fast especially if you have a white controller.Overall it feels good and is comfortable even in long play periods. The only problem I have is there is annoying little piece up by the triggers on both sides. Its right in between the trigger and the bumper buttons and there is no tension on the piece so when you switch between the bumper and triggers it can sometimes flip up and your finger will catch it. Not really a deal breaker or a big deal or anything since I plan on cutting it off anyways. Plan on buy another so far after this one falls apart. Will update my review if it doesnt last long. prediction:0
reviewText:Considering its just a rubber cover for the XBOX 360 controller, actually, it's made well...and the price--not bad at all. Excellent product for an excellent controller. prediction:0
reviewText:Unlike others on this site, these fit very good and the material is durable, which is of utmost importance to me.  I'm glad I found this item. prediction:0
reviewText:put this on my controller no hand cramps after 7 hours of all night gaming. if you want to make the controller a little bigger and easier to hold this is what you want. prediction:0
reviewText:It works perfectly! Nothing is wrong with it. prediction:0
reviewText:Works great with my game cube. I haven't tried it with a wii, but by the description, it should work there too. prediction:0
reviewText:This is a great and cheap memory card. It is what it is.....it is compatible for Wii and gamecube its 64 MB 1019 block memory. If you need one , but it.Great product prediction:0
reviewText:Works perfectly for the game cube I purchased. Came very quickly and i would buy this again when i need to. prediction:0
reviewText:One of the largest memory cards for the gamecube. It works great and loads fast. No need for formatting at all. prediction:0
reviewText:This allows me to preserve whatever precious space I have left on my console for other stuff. I may purchase another one in the near future. prediction:0
reviewText:well atleast one of them worked what else could you want for the price. the other one works too just not all the time prediction:0
reviewText:These things work really great and can be combined for even longer cable lengths but be warned that the rubber shielding seems to slip around the plug head. Not a big deal, but could lead to eventual short. prediction:0
reviewText:The product was just as the picture and works fine.  It is long enough to play comfortably at a distance.  There is no delay in control using this product. prediction:0
reviewText:And now I can sit back far enough to see my entire TV and avoid wielders burn in my retina.  So simple, yet so obvious a necessity given how freaken short the big &#34;N&#34; made their controller's cords.  Buy them now and heal your spine! prediction:0
reviewText:At 6 feet and at 4 dollars each its a good deal, ive seen some other cables for much more and these work just fine, i like that theyre black  and they connect into the controller with ease. buy it with confidence. prediction:0
reviewText:i bought the 2 x Wii Gamecube GC Extension Cable Cord  but after a few uses, it started working wrong, duplicating signalsif i press A in the controller, the game detects A being pressed two times, this is for all buttons,  without the cord the error is no longer there. prediction:0
reviewText:They're awesome cables though!  They work great and add those several feet you always seem to lack.  Now I can play my Gamecube games on my Wii from the couch!  No batteries to change! prediction:0
reviewText:I purchased these for my Wii as Nintendo no longer produces Wavebird controllers by virtue of them being sued by a patent owner over the technology. I didn't want to pay for a used Wavebird on eBay, so I bought some of these. I sit back from my HDTV about 9 feet so I needed these for the wired Gamecube controllers and they work very well. Even with Mario Kart Wii, there is some lag with the Wavebird, but there is no lag with these extension cables. Highly recommended! prediction:0
reviewText:One of them broke immediately, the other one still works, I guess they're just too cheap and there's no telling if it will actually work longer than two days. prediction:0
reviewText:These awesome-sauce things make any GC controller as far extended as a wavebird. Given these days any games I have time to play are all via the Wii anyway, having the extra length for GC controllers is great. prediction:0
reviewText:I always hated how Gamecube controller's cords were so ridiculously short. Since I use them on my Wii now, it is much more hazardous for my Wii if someone trips over the short cables. This was a perfect solution to my problems. So far I haven't had any problems with them and they allow me and my friends to not sit 6 ft away from the Wii. Another great thing about these is that you can plug them end on end to make a longer cable. prediction:0
reviewText:this really cam in handy we need a extra length for the controller and it was perfect exactly what we needed prediction:0
reviewText:These extenders work as expected. I bought them when I wanted to buy Double Dash for the game cube to play on my Wii. If you're used to playing the Wii, you probably sit much further away than a standard GC controller will reach, so definitely pick some of these up. prediction:0
reviewText:I bought this game way back and recently played it again.. well..the game was easy to beat when i was 6 and its still as easy.Well, my problem(s)?Not enough characters and its just not very fun and.. yeah that makes it boring.. but if ur a fan of the older games ( like me ) you may like this game ( unlike me )It's cheap now so, I guess it wouldn't hurt to pick it up.. it costs as much cash as to rent a game at the videostore..so do what you want with it. prediction:0
reviewText:Let's not mince words here: Clayfighter 63 1/3 is a poorly put-together game. The game had a lot of possibilities, but everything lacks polish. Characters are missing frames of animation, backgrounds look decent but unexceptional, and the fighting engine lacks the strategy of Street Fighter, the speed of Killer Instinct, or the playability of Mortal Kombat. In any normal world, this would be a one star game.Except somewhere along the way, Clayfighter 63 1/3 is so bad that it actually becomes good. Character design is pretty good, and the special moves and taunts are hilarious. The game is playable - not in any way that it can compete with the above-mentioned games, but it still makes you want to come back for another round, if just to see all the things the characters can do. There's also a bit more value once you unlock the secret characters, though it's frustrating that there's no save function that keeps these character unlocked.Certainly not worth full retail price, but the N64 is dead now so you should be able to snag this game for dirt cheap. Also be on the lookout for the Sculptor's Cut version: this was a Blockbuster-only release, but most were sold off as pre-played games. It contains a hilarious singing intro, 4 new characters, and other enhancements. prediction:0
reviewText:I have been a fan of the whole of the Clay Fighter series and i have to say that i am slightly disappointed with this one.  The graphics are okay, there are plenty of characters to choose from, but i think that it is far to easy and that the game had been rushed.  The price is excellent and i recommend to everyone that you get this as the price of this game wont be around for long.  If you want the best fighting game on the N64 then i wouldnt recommend this, but if you want some fun then this is the game for you prediction:0
reviewText:With the genre monopolized by the the Final Fantasy series, it is not suprising that this game is absent from most people's top RPG list. To clarify, it is not as good as an FF game, but it is nonetheless enjoyable and fun.The story is pretty linear, the characters are well developed, and part III offers much of the same fun that was the original BOF for the SNES (which was produced by Squaresoft, not Capcom). The only drawback is the clunky controls, which can be frustrating when you are trying to move down stairs or bend around tight corners. And while the graphics are not on par with Final Fantasy IX or Chrono Cross, this is still a great looking game.Try it. I think you will like it. prediction:0
reviewText:Breath of Fire Three is the third part to what was a very good series of RPGs. Breath of Fire One seems to be what most people I talk to about games  consider the best. Even though I loved Breath of Fire 2 the most. I  expected a lot from breath of fire 3. Perhaps this helped lower my opinion  of Breath of fire 3, but I did not like this game.As far as game play  goes like all BoF games in BoF 3 you have the ability to turn into a  dragon. Like BoF 1 and unlike BoF2 when you turn into a dragon you stay one  for a while. While you're a dragon you loose MP every turn to keep you from  staying one forever in that combat unlike BoF 1. All the character seem to  get their own special power. The character list is short and one of the  characters on the list of the book never fights with you as a character.  The training system you can find people to help you with is actually kind  of pointless weird and honestly I didn't like it. The town to town walking  is slow and you never get fast transportation.As far as plot goes the  plot is the plot starts off okay. Then about two hours in goes in a  different direction. It is fine for a while then but around the end is a  large dungeon that is boring to go threw and leaves the any not very much  of a climax. They lost any suspense you could have built up similar to the  Tales Of Destiny ending. Also the characters don't have very strong and  noticeable personalities. Also if you keep up with it you won't like the  direction the plot takes thirds of the way threw.As far as control goes  it's basically standard of with noting exceptionally notable about  it.The graphics to this game are not very good. It is done in sprites.  Sometimes I myself prefer sprits but I do not like the character drawings  of this game. On the walking town to town map character looks chubby and  short. The drawings are basic and too simple. There was only one of the  dragons I liked the look of. However there is a little onion that can  follow around with your party who beat all other RPGs in cuteness of a  single character. The cute hopping onion is defiantly the main reason to  buy this game if you do.And finally as far as length of time it can stay  interesting the game is longer them many RPGs won't be beaten on a short  rental. If you get this game buy it.Overall this game is the worst of  the BoF series. I don't recommend buying it unless its finishes some  collection you are working on, or if you have to see a hopping onion follow  people around. prediction:0
reviewText:this is an excellent game that really has some substance! the graphics are not the best and it is oversahdowed by the bigger game final fantasy VII. if FF7 was too long for you, get breath of fire 3. the story is good and the battle system is great! prediction:0
reviewText:Love the game thanks!This game is great from the look and the level of detail and the combat. Thanks prediction:0
reviewText:This game is one of my all time favorites, I give it a 10/10 in the RPG genre.  It is a turn based RPG, that is fun to play.  I own this game for the PSP and the now the PS1.  This game is a rare find in good condition.  If you find a better RPG than this, besides the final fantasy games of course, let me know! prediction:0
reviewText:This was the only Breath of Fire game I've beaten.  But I must say that it was fun.  The story and side quests kept me going.One of the downers was that you can't hardly change your angle.A big thumbs up going to the fact that you don't have to change screens to get into a battle (like Chrono Trigger).  This saves lots of time and makes thing more dramatic!  Fighting in narrow hallways and thick forests was great!I'm not going to spoil it for anyone...but the ending sucked badly.  But not enough to stop me from buying the next sequel.  ^_^ prediction:0
reviewText:Breath of Fire III arrives almost three years after the fun-but strictly orthodox-Super NES title, Breath of Fire II. Although BOFIII isn't a radical departure from the earlier games in the series, don't let that turn you off; it's reassuring to see that sprite graphics haven't given way entirely to origami-style polygons. Sporting a quasi-medieval European setting, a heroic story line, and turn-based battles, BOFIII will appeal to fans of Square's Final Fantasy series and Working Designs' Lunar titles. An Epic Journey Breath of Fire III starts with the discovery of a tiny dragon that goes on a deadly rampage before it's captured. The dragon escapes and is transformed into a young boy named Ryu, who is befriended by a pair of delinquents, whose thoughtless pranks get them captured by some truly evil people. Ryu is left for dead, but his dragon powers revive him, so he sets off in pursuit of his friends' captors, unaware that he's about to be drawn into an ever-deepening pool of danger, deceit, and death. Like earlier BOF titles, Ryu can befriend several partners during his epic journey. Nina, the princess of Windia, makes another appearance in the series, although in this game she's apparently unrelated to her earlier incarnations. Ryu, too, shares the name of a character from the series, but he's also unrelated. However, Gobi, from the first BOF game, makes a cameo appearance. Nostalgic Graphics Graphically, BOFIII is leaps and bounds ahead of its predecessors. Texture-mapped polygons are used to create the backgrounds, terrain, and buildings, while sprites are used to compose the various characters. More animation, colors, and special effects have been added to this version, but the look of the game will still be familiar to fans of the BOF games. The three-quarter-overhead view field map can be rotated somewhat so you can peek behind obstacles, but not to any great extent. Battles are fought directly on the field map, with characters and monsters displayed diagonally in one of four directions: Two are seen from the front and two from the rear.Solid Craftsmanship The battle system is turn-based, with some consideration given to quickness: Characters move in sequence to their speed parameter. For example, in some battles you may want to use light armor so that your character moves quicker instead of heavy armor which can slow you down. Also, certain characters have speed parameters higher than their enemies and may get extra turns while fighting. Beyond the usual manual, magic, and item attacks, characters can transform into dragons. Initially, only Ryu has the power to transform (and only when he's far into the game), but the other characters gain that power later. Transformation, though, requires crystals called Dragon Genes and AP (magic points) for the Genes chosen. By combining up to three Genes, different dragons can be created; the more Genes you use, the more powerful your dragon, though you'll use more AP. AP is also consumed at a constant pace while the dragon is in battle. Finally, you can learn monster skills for special attacks and spells. The construction of Breath Of Fire III's battle system-and of the whole game, for that matter-is very polished-thanks to excellent controls. You won't be moaning about the way this game handles. Sound Bites However, all isn't well in BOFIII. The sound effects are fine, if not particularly inspired. In battle, the characters emit rudimentary shouts, screams, and spell names, but not much more. And even though the sounds can get annoying, they're not anywhere near as badly done as the soundtrack. The music veers widely from unmemorable electronica to hopeless schmaltz, and more often than not, it doesn't add to the atmosphere of the story. The music seems more appropriate for a corporate infomercial than a heroic fantasy RPG. Aside from the inexplicably bad soundtrack, BOFIII is worth a long look from RPG fans. Although it doesn't possess the visual and aural magnificence of Final Fantasy VII (which few games will ever accomplish), Breath of Fire III holds up as a very enjoyable RPG in which sure craftsmanship is easily evident. prediction:0
reviewText:Street Fighter is perhaps the definitive fighting game series. Should you feel it necessary to buy absolutely every individual cartridge/disc of the six games contained on the two SF Collections, then do so and spend a ton of cash. They are all excellent titles, but the two collections of a game that defined the fighting genre are perfect. Street Fighter Collection, the original that is in the spotlight, is actually the more up-to-date one. While it does not contain the original Street Fighter II, it does contain 3 classic Street Fighter games. First is Super Street Fighter II: The New Challengers, released on SNES and Genesis in 1994. It was mindbendingly good the first time I played it. It had a solid 16 fighters. All 8 from Street Fighter II, the bosses, plus 4 new characters never heard of before: Cammy, Dee Jay, Fei Long, and T. Hawk. You might think, "Oh wow, a new edition with new fighters. Never seen THAT before." Well, you're wrong. Super Street Fighter II did contain 4 new arenas (respectively the ones for the new fighters). It also had newly mixed music, newly animated profile shots, and newly animated backgrounds. Basically, it was a perfect upgrade. Super Street Fighter II Turbo is also included. It may seem like Super Street Fighter II with the speed like Street Fighter II Turbo, but it added something. Each character had one SUPER MOVE. From Ryu and Ken's Shinkuu Hadoken to Chun Li's Kikousho, they really gave a great new edge to the series. Akuma is even hidden in this upgrade. Also, the definitive of the three Street Fighter Alpha games, Street Fighter Alpha 2, gets upgraded to Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold Edition. Cammy is added on, and Evil Ryu becomes playable (YAY!). What's strange is that some of the cast gets an additional playability in their SFII:CE animation. So it's definetely worth picking this up...if you don't already have all three of these games for your SNES (Alpha 2 is also on the PS). prediction:0
reviewText:The sheer number of games bearing some form of the name &quot;Street Fighter II&quot; is staggering. So when Capcom announced that it was putting together a compilation of Street Fighter games, I was stoked. My excitement quickly cooled when I discovered the true nature of Capcom's package. Street Fighter Collection contains Super Street Fighter 2, Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo, and Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold, a slightly updated version of Street Fighter Alpha 2. The original Street Fighter 2, Champion Edition, and Hyper Fighting are nowhere to be found. The result is a shallow package that should have been so much more. The graphics and gameplay in the Super games are almost identical to what you remember. Every frame of original animation appears intact, and there isn't any noticeable slowdown. However, the graphics do appear a bit fuzzy. The sound is decent, and the music even speeds up and intensifies when a character is near death. The second disc contains Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold. The game is almost entirely identical to Street Fighter Alpha 2, with only a few differences. First, any character that was in Street Fighter 2 Champion Edition can switch between normal and Champion Edition modes. Playing a CE version of a character disables his super meter and changes a few moves here and there. The CE character graphics are still Alpha 2-style. Also, there is now an Akuma mode, which pits your character against Akuma over and over again instead of fighting all the other characters. Also, Cammy is hidden in the game. She appears in her X-Men vs. Street Fighter costume. All this is fine and good, but what about all the other great Street Fighter games? Where's SF2 Turbo: Hyper Fighting? Or the original SF2, complete with Guile's &quot;handcuffs&quot; and all the other weird little glitches? Capcom truly missed out on a great opportunity by releasing a &quot;collection&quot; that is obscenely incomplete. If you're really itching to play SSF2 or SSF2T, this package is right up your alley. But fans hoping for a complete collection must keep on waiting. prediction:0
reviewText:This game was very good. The first 3D megaman game to be released. prediction:0
reviewText:To me, Mega Man Legends is one of those games you'll remember years after playing it. The game itself doesn't break any new ground and has its share of flaws, but the overall experience is definitely rewarding.Mega Man Legends pretty much plays like the earlier Tomb Raider games control wise. Unfortunately, there are a few problems with the control scheme, such as a lock on system that doesn't allow you to move while locked on an enemy (which was fixed in MML2), and the fact you also must contend with moving the camera manually in order to compensate for the lack of a better lock on system to hit your mark.Legends also uses a pretty similar graphic engine as Tomb Raider as well, complete with all the flat, 2D scenery that rotates with the camera and all the pixilated surfaces and clipping problems that accompanied that era of Playstation gaming. Unlike Tomb Raider, the environments in Mega Man Legends are much brighter and colorful, adding to the games cartoon-like feel, rather than the dark, dank death-trap ridden tombs that Lara Croft raids.The pretty low difficulty level of the game is also an important factor to look at as well. Considering this game is somewhat geared towards an younger audience, this isn't an error so to speak, but older, more experienced players will fly through the game in a handful of hours (especially considering most of the game bosses can be defeated by constantly circling around them and firing). Thankfully, Capcom added an unlockable difficulty setting to make the game harder for those looking for an additional challenge (oh and is it ever a challenge). Add to this Capcom increased the difficulty on Mega Man Legends 2 a few notches, and all can be forgiven here.So with all these problems, why is Legends such a good game? Heart, and lots of it. Mix in a good story, a wonderful cast of characters (and enemies), and throw in some of Capcom's more respectable forays in voice acting department, and you got a winner. While some may claim that Legends carries a "kiddy tone", I actually find this to be one of the game's charms and strengths. Honestly, if you don't laugh when one of the Lego Men, err, I mean Servebots messes up and angers Tron, there is something wrong. Seriously, it isn't anymore kiddy than a Mario or Zelda game (or most of Nintendo's gaming library for that matter).The other thing that makes the Legends series so great is the fact Capcom decided to quit while they were ahead. While I myself still wish they would churn out a Mega Man Legends 3 (considering some of the unresolved issues in Mega Man Legends 2's ending), at least Capcom didn't make a zillion sequels and drain the series of all it's fun and respectability, of which they have done a fine job of doing to the original series and X series.In the end, Mega Man Legends is not a game you'll remember for amazing graphics, razor-sharp control, or challenging quests. Instead, you'll walk away with a overall memorable experience. prediction:0
reviewText:Well as far as the person who sold this to me goes, the game came as described and in a well timed manner and I would shop here again.  However, the game itself is just not as fun as I remembered. prediction:0
reviewText:Megaman LegendsThis is my undisputed favorite game of all time. I bought it in 1998 or so because I had played and lovedMega Man 3for theNintendo NES System - Video Game Consolewhen I was young. This game was nothing like that game or any other Megaman games. It was in 3-D and had a story that would blow your mind. I have played through this game around 50 times and no every single part of it by heart.Graphics- 7/10The transition to 3-D for Megaman isn't an ugly one, but a decent one. Most of the trees have a 2-D look to them and a lot of characters are blocky. Still, you can tell what everything is easily and there is no slowdown at all. Not to mention, there is hardly any load time to wait through in this game.Story- 10/10You are Megaman Volnutt. Roll Casket and her Grandpa, Barrel Casket, have raised you since they found you when you were a child. Following Barrel's footsteps, Megaman and Roll become Diggers. Diggers are people who search through ruins, infested with Reaverbots, to find parts and other things. The main thing a lot of Diggers are looking for are Refractors, which are extremely powerful crystal-like objects that power society. The world is almost entirely ocean so people must use flying machines or boats to get around. Megaman, Roll, and Barrel crash-land their flying ship, The Flutter, on an island called Kattelox. You go on to discover the island's many secrets and fight off the treasure hungry pirates.Sound- 7/10The music and sound effects in this game are decent. Nothing will blow your mind away but nothing will annoy you to death. Some tunes even become catchy, like the Apple Market tune.Gameplay- 10/10You play as Megaman: exploring ruins, fighting pirates, and just helping people out. There are a lot of side quests you can do. You can join a secret gang, fill a museum with underground arts, help a little girl recover, play in game shows, and so much more. The main storyline has you exploring the Sub-Gate ruins in hopes to learn more about the Island's great treasure, or disaster. While in Sub-Gates you can find all kinds of items to do things with. It's not just in the Sub-Gates either; you can search in other digging sites for parts. You have a primary weapon called a Buster Gun, which can be upgraded with 2 buster parts initially. These buster parts can be bought or found and change different aspects of your Buster Gun's shooting. You have a secondary special weapon that can be equipped and upgraded as well. You will get many different special weapons in the game and one of the most fun parts of the game is upgraded your weapons to perfect ability.Difficulty- 4/10 (Note- This is how much I like the difficulty)Since this game is more story based, the difficulty is slight. There is hardly a time where you feel that you are going to die, minus a few bosses. Once you beat the original game, you can go back and play it on a new Hard Mode option. The game is still not that much more difficult but some of the bosses will give you more trouble. Also, to top it off, the game isn't that long. Even the player who likes to talk to every single person and gets lost often can still beat this game in less then 15 hours. That includes the main storyline and all side quests, minus special weapon upgrading. I can now beat the game on Hard Mode in around 5 hours.Overall- 10/10Despite the game being easy and not having the best graphics or sound, it's still 5 stars. The game's storyline and gameplay is so good that the rest doesn't even matter. You'll still find yourself going back and playing this game over and over again. prediction:0
reviewText:Legends is one of the rare Megaman releases that takes place in a 3D world as opposed to the traditional 2D side scroller most MM fans are familiar with. Both Legends and Legends 2 are among some of the best made story driven 3D adventure games the PSX has in its massive and sometimes daunting library. prediction:0
reviewText:I already own this game but it's in terrible condition. This is due to me lending it out, which is something I certainly don't do anymore. My favorite Megaman game period, along with 2, I had to get it again. And I have no regrets. Besides, I have 2 copies of the game now: One with only case and disc that have seen their better days and a newer complete copy that reminds me of my original copy in its prime. prediction:0
reviewText:I personally like many types of fighting games and FUN is the thing that keeps me coming back for more.  A game can have pretty graphics sound great, and have all the bells and whistles in the world and still play like [...].  This game might not be as pretty as the Saturn version, but who wants a Saturn? One of the biggest flops since the future flop of Sony's [...]PS3.  A few frames missing and slowdown which I have not experienced personally are by no means reasons to dismiss a game that combines X-men with Streetfighter very well.  One more thing to mention about the price.  Not to insult anyones intelligence but simply supply and demand. It is discontinued, there are fewer and fewer copies available thus causing those on the open market to raise in value. prediction:0
reviewText:X Men vs Street Fighter was a big hit in the arcades everybody said that game was the s**t. The Saturn was the only home port that gave us tight controls great graphics good animation & still had tag team mode unfortunately thanks to Bernie Stolar we in the US didn't get X Men vs Street Fighter nor the 4 MB RAM cart so those of couldn't get the Saturn version got this s**t on the Playstation which is bad on 2D it didn't have tight controls it didn't have beautiful graphics animations were bad sluggish speed oh NO TAG TEAM MODE! I remember renting this version & thinking it was terrible it's just this game wasn't made for The Playstation. Now the Action Replay that bypasses region coading & uses a 1MB & 4MB RAM function I would also require a Ascii Saturn arcade stick for this game too so any owner of The Sega Saturn should get that version it's a great fighting game that plays like the arcade. prediction:0
reviewText:i love ryu i love wolverine, ryu invented the fire ball not goku, goku who? you could suuuuper juuump and throoow fire balls fire balls bring out your second character fire power prediction:0
reviewText:I bought it to complete my set of Batman games for the PS1. I would recommend it to anyone who collects Batman games. prediction:0
reviewText:What do you mean &quot;A BIG GLITCH&quot;? Batman &amp; Robin is a mere better than poor! I've looked in a quiz, and two Italian plumbers (Mario and Luigi) both relate to this game. Besides, Mediocre is 10% better than poor. prediction:0
reviewText:While the game may be outdated and not as fun to play as some of the more recent titles, I can't fault this game because this is where it all started.On its own merit in 1995, it was a smash-box hit and everybody was ahhed by the graphics, 3d environments, and the musical score. Back then, we were used to Super Mario World and Final Fight. This was something completely different. No one cared about the flaws the game had back then. It was par for the course.Now, in 2012, a whole 17 years later (really? that long ago...), a person can easily recognize the flaws of gameplay, sound, and playability. Sound effects are lo-fi, almost like comparing a cassette to a CD. The soundtrack is still amazing though, as if it were mapped on an entirely different bit format. Playability, there is one overall mode - the 1P Arcade mode (unless you count options and 2P). Every successful completion of the game with a character unlocks a new character to choose - the same one you fight in round 8. After that, you have all of the characters and there's not much else to do. There's no team battle, no survival, just...1P Arcade. So it works for 1995. The ending movies are pretty bad, all having the same soundtrack and really blocky ugly CGI. Of course in retrospect, this WAS 1995.The movies never got better in the series until much later, but they did improve some.Overall, Tekken deserves a place in your PSX collection, right next to 2 and 3. You won't play it often because Tekken 2 covers all of those bases and more. So to me, at least, this game is merely a collection piece. prediction:0
reviewText:The first time I played this game I was amazed by the sheer quality coming out of this game. The grahics were absolutly incredible and the gameplay was out of this world. This was all in 1995. Now that tekken2 and tekken3 had arrived on the scene it seemed as though tekken had faded to a fairyland. Back then in junior school everyone was in conversation about all the characters and the secret ones and how you unlocked them. And know that games like tekken2, tekken3 and soulbade coming to the playstation tekken was suddenly never an issue. All I know is that tekken was a fantastic game at launch and had also beaten virtua fighter on the saturn which was a rival to tekken. If tekken had never come out then I believe with a 100% that none of the existing games that I have mentioned above and their sequals would have been in existance. Despite these games being in existance tekken is still a soulfighter and is the game that made namco famous on the playstation. prediction:0
reviewText:works well for me, except i can't get my championships to show at the end. Im not sure if that is a glitch or not. prediction:0
reviewText:The graphics and gameplay are very out dated. The movies at the end are stupid and only the first eight players have them. The only reason I even got this game is because I loved Tekken 2,3,Tag, and 4. The only reason I don't sell this is I want to have all the tekkens, but if you want to buy it, don't pay more than $2 for it. prediction:0
reviewText:THIS GAME WAS GREAT. THOUGH IT DOESN'T COMPARE TO ITS ORIGINAL ARCADE MACHINE, THIS HOME VERSION IS NICE ANYWAY. THE FIGHTS ARE ALL FUN, THE GRAPHICS STILL LOOK FANTASTIC EVEN THOUGH THIS GAME IS NEARLY A DECADE OLD NOW, AND THE CHARACTERS ARE ALL GOOD AND THE STORYLINES ARE ALL INTERESTING. TO UNLOCK THE BOSSES [WHICH IS THE MAIN THING], YOU HAVE TO BEAT THEM ALL WITH THEIR ALREADY AVAILABLE COUNTERPARTS. THE FIRST TIME YOU BEAT HEIHACHI [WHICH IS THE MAIN BOSS FOR THIS GAME], YOU GET HIM UNLOCKED. BUT THE REST OF THEM, YOU HAVE TO PLAY AS THE COUNTERPARTS TO GET THEIR BOSSES. EVEN WITH THE PLAYSTATION 2 AND X BOX AND STATE OF THE ART SYSTEMS LIKE THAT ON THE MARKET, MANY OF THE GAMES THEY PUT OUT TODAY CAN'T COMPARE TO CLASSIC GAMES LIKE THIS! THIS IS ONE OF THE ALL-TIME GREATEST FIGHTING GAMES EVER AND I DARE SAY THIS MIGHT BE THE BEST OF THE TEKKEN SERIES. EVEN HAS GREAT MUSIC. prediction:0
reviewText:Never actually owned the original Tekken but I played it. Since I'm the best Tekken player in the universe, I've decided that I want to own the game that started it all.... prediction:0
reviewText:all i can say is that this game is a classic, possibly the best game ever made for the playstation 1. prediction:0
reviewText:Well, I just recently bought this game again, after finding it broken from unkown causes quite a few years ago. People keep on saying, "Tekken 2 has HORRIBLE graphics and the gameplay is horrible!", To those people, did you ever think that this game came out during the 90's and was probably awesome graphics back then? If you're a fan of good fighting games, I reccomend this. It has lots of characters, fair graphics, and is a good collectible for your Tekken collection. prediction:0
reviewText:the cd worked for about 4 days and then...BAM!! it was skipping like crazy, it froze wen i picked Jack-2 or Kunimitsu,and now it wont come on at all.IT WAS A PRETTY CRAPPY COPY prediction:0
reviewText:THIS GAME WAS A VERY GOOD GAME. BUT THIS AIN'T AS GOOD AS TEKKEN 1. LIKE ITS PREDECESSOR, HAS GREAT GRAPHICS, GREAT LOOKING MOVES, AND GREAT BOSSES TO UNLOCK, WHICH GIVES YOU A REASON TO WANNA WIN THE GAME WITH EVERY CHARACTER. THE MUSIC IS GREAT HERE TOO. THIS IS A DEFINITE GEM. GET THIS AND ITS PREDECESSOR FOR THE ULTIMATE GAMING EXPERIENCE!! prediction:0
reviewText:I remember Tekken 2 being one of my first fighting games I have ever played, and one that I kept coming back to. It wasn't just the nostalgia that kept me coming back, but the overall gameplay as well. Almost everything about this game was done right, and there is very little to complain about.Tekken 2 takes place 2 years after the events of the first Tekken. The plot isn't very well developed and isn't really involving, but everything else more than makes up for it. The graphics (for the time) were amazing and the animations were also nicely done. The roster includes 24 characters who are all unique and feel very well balanced. The game is very accessible and almost anyone can pick up this game and get a pretty decent grasp on it. The controls are simple and intuitive, and I always believed that this control scheme (each button controls a limb-ex. left punch, right punch) is one of the best for fighting games.For modes, you have your basic arcade mode which you complete to unlock new characters. You also have a vs. mode, a team battle mode (which is very enjoyable), a survival mode, a time attack mode, and a practice mode. All of these modes offer allot of replayability as it is easy to dump countless hours into any of these modes.The combat system is still excellent to this day. The amount of combos that each character can do is pretty substantial and you will discover new moves without being too overwhelmed. There also aren't really any cheap tactics unlike some of the more recent iterations of tekken (such as excessive juggling).Overall, this game is one of the best fighting games that I have ever played. With plenty of characters to learn, plenty of modes to choose from, amazing looking backgrounds, and a terriffic combat system, there is no reason to skip this game. If you still have a ps1/ps2, BUY THIS GAME. I recommend this game wholeheartedly, and you won't regret it at all. prediction:0
reviewText:The sequel to the very popular Tekken, Tekken 2 takes everything that the original had and expands upon it. More characters, more levels, more moves, Tekken 2 is a classic and should be in the library of any fighting game lover.The combat in Tekken is one of best ever. There are so many possible combinations, it's almost impossible to remember them all. Each Tekken gets better and better. Another thing I love about this game is the music. It suits the stages, and characters, well. prediction:0
reviewText:Tekken 2 it the huge sequel to the best selling fighter, Tekken, this game includes advanced fighting and secret characters to die for. Not only theat, but it had a plethera of gameshark codes to make the game easier. this game also introduced the 10 hit combo, the automatic win. Namco has done it again and they have done it with flying colors, this game is a must have for the fighting fans. prediction:0
reviewText:This is an excellent game for spending some time on. I have played it before on a demo cd long ago so that's why I decided to buy it. It's about passing missions and destroying planes, bases, ships, etc. It find it very fun. The missions happen in different ambiences and time of the day which makes it more interesting. You can get new planes with different attributes according to what you want. A great title for the ps. prediction:0
reviewText:My first Ace combat game was Electrosphere or number 3 in 98 so 12 years later i decided to give this one a go.  It's a lot of fun, and after you configure your controls to how you like it becomes even better.  Compared to 3, this one is a bit more fast paced, but the graphics are noticeably lower in quality.The one quarrel I have, though it is a given for all pre 96ish (i think) PlayStation games is you can't use the analog sticks, which i always used in the third AC, and even though it's just a little stick, not having it really takes away from the flying feel. prediction:0
reviewText:If you love castles,goblins,monsters demon vixens and skeletons swinging swords this game is for you. I thought the graphics were excellent and solving the levels wasn,t difficult. Some may fine the dismemberments a little to gross, but my kids enjoyed it. prediction:0
reviewText:maybe I just am a mediocre gamer but this game is a challenge from hell.message me if you have beat this one. prediction:0
reviewText:Throughout the years there have been dozens of Street Fighter ripoffs including Fighting Force. This is basically the same as all the others, but it does have some surprisingly decent graphics for a PS1 game. prediction:0
reviewText:You know you're in trouble when other terrible video games are compared to you. Though only a little worse than Charlie's Angels (GameCube) and not as bad as Hidden Invasion (PlayStation2), Fighting Force is the difinitive bad adventure-fighting game that fits on the same crap list as Burning Fight. Even Brawl Bros and Peace Keepers are better than this, and that's saying a lot.You get your pick from four forgettable crime fighters: pixie-pig-tailed Alana, gruff Hawk, leather-pants-wearing "Look at me, I'm Nabiki Tendo" Mace, and prison inmate Smasher. They're out to get a psychopath who believes the world should have ended at the beginning of 2000 A.D. and is now determined to make that happen. Maybe he should have waited through the other 23 times it turned New Years day across the world.Many Sega Saturn owners didn't realize then how lucky they were that this game was cancelled on their system. Nintendo 64 owners were not so lucky, and I wasn't so lucky after getting the PlayStation version.The controls are sloppy, the hit detection is horrible, especially the dash attacks, and the character animation is almost jerky enough to look like an old claymation cartoon.If there is one redeeming factor, it is the music. Though not great, the musical scores in this game are a nice touch. The only reason you should buy this disc is to pop it into a CD-playing radio or computer and skip track one since that's just a data track ... meaning all you will hear, if anything, is an annoying buzz. Start on Track 2, sit back, and enjoy the only good thing about this game. prediction:0
reviewText:I played this game when i was a kid and forgot all about it. Then remembered it, ordered it, and have been having fun playing it. prediction:0
reviewText:Got the game. After I came home from work, it was on the kitchen table. My brother probably got to the mailbox first. I hope it is good. My little nephew wanted to play it with me. prediction:0
reviewText:Alrighty, let me just start off by saying don't let people who play "Final Fantsay 7" sway your judgement about this.  While "Final Fantsay 7" is an amazing game, it varies VERY HEAVILY from "Fighting Force", so what some people like (fun fighting games)and others love (RPG gamers) we are at war with the worlds.  It's better to agree to disagree here.  Okay, let us begin with the review.  I love this game.  From the very beginning where you can choose your favorite character (Mace Daniels is my personal favorite), to the last moment when you deliver a crushing blow to your enemy.  It is ingenius.  I love how you can pick up weapons like guns and bats and that you can deliver really "snazzy" throws/blocks.  Like people have said, it is like a "Streets of Rage" for the now.  Let me break it down overall for you:Graphics- Compared to now, it is not up to bar.  Compare it to when it frist came out, bar none!  5/5, although the animation can sometime slow down.Sound- Ain't nothing more prettier than hearing your enemies bone crunch!  5/5Control- Obviously this is the black-sheep of the family.  The controls are clunky and choppy, and sometimes they interfere with the great gaming experience.  Thank God for infinite health codes!  3/5 (ouch)Overall- Aside from the controls being what they are, the game is a smooth ride of fun fighting and brainless beat-'em-up.  I feel this game is totally undercredited, and that we need to change that.  ONLY YOU CAN PREVENT FOREST FIRES! prediction:0
reviewText:this game lacked the ability to live up to name "Tomb Raider" its more of a "City Raider" half the levels deal with city-time scenery. and 80% of the enemies are humans. more like a 007 than a Tomb Raider - but the game play is fun in the cities (Venice) so i cant complain too much - just wasnt feelin the whole China scene. I liked to level skip those. and the twist at the end was a lil boost - so all in all ill give it 5stars - but it lacked challenge for me - i beat it in a week. just run around and jump for the most part. prediction:0
reviewText:The first Tomb Raider was a classic in terms of its 3D gameplay, sense of exploration through massive levels, and a unique main character.  The 2nd installment in the TR series is not much different.  The levels are still HUGE, and exploration is still the name of the game.  But this time around, the environments and enemies are more varied, there are more action-based enemy sequences than the first, and the difficulty level has been approriately increased.  In terms of the level of challenge, I feel that this is the best in the series.  The later Tomb Raider series felt frustrating and downright cheap at times.  This one is definitely not a cakewalk, but is very possible without a strategy guide.  You don't feel as though you have to play for half an hour just to get into the next room.  Progress is slow, but steady, and you don't ever need 6 or 7 different items to move on.  Progress is more based on actually getting where you want to go rather than finding the right items or hitting the right combination of switches.  Some of the level designs are incredible, such as the Venice-based levels, the Opera House, the beastly Barkhang Monestary and the massive Temple Of Xian.  This is the key strength of the first two TR installments, and why the more recent ones have been less inspiring.  Resourcefulness and attention to the environment is extremely key, as medipacks are in light supply in this game.  Also, every level has 3 secrets in the form of dragons.  You do not receive the bonus items unless you find all 3 dragons in the level, making exploration even more vital in building your inventory.  Finding at least 2 of the dragons in every level should be quite easy, but some levels have one especially well-hidden dragon.  The gold dragons in the first two levels are remarkably difficult, but the reward of finding them (especially the first one) is worth it.  If you didn't like the first Tomb Raider, this game won't change your mind.  If you were blown away by the first installment (or even the 3rd, 4th or 5th) then this game is a real treat. prediction:0