reviewText:1st shipment received a book instead of the game.2nd shipment got a FAKE one. Game arrived with a wrong key inside on sealed box. I got in contact with codemasters and send them pictures of the DVD and the content. They said nothing they can do its a fake DVD.Returned it good bye.! prediction:4
reviewText:Anyone who has ever played a flight sim can tell this is not like A10-warthog just by reading the info on the game.This is an arcade type game with some sim stuff add to make it sell more and be kind of fun and fast to play.Sometimes we all just want to blow the (blank) out of things and unwind.This is fairly well made and the graphics are ok for what it is(a game).If you want a real flight sim this is not it.If you just want to get online and have some fun with others for a while this is it.The target aircraft can do hard right and left turns that would take the wings of any aircraft and thats not right but this is a game and not a sim.This was made sometime ago and graphics have come along way but it is ok for it's time.You will not have any issues installing this or running this game on most systems with a gtx460 or better.You can max out all setting with one evga gtx560ti 2gb video card.The install dose take some time to get done and it will update for you when you run the sim the first time.This all takes 30min or so counting the install of the game.It is what it is and thats a game not a flight sim but it is fun to play a few hours now and then.I have a solid system and have had no issues running this at all.If you are looking for a real flight sim that has ture reallistic flight of the aircraft and working cockpits, this is not for you.Try A10-warthog or wings over europe or wings over vietnam or IL-2.These are flight sims and run well on any solid sysetm with xp or windows 7 running. prediction:4
reviewText:They work fine but i feel like they have a little lag to the controls when i use it on my controller. And out of the two, one is already ripping. They get the job done but i dont think they will last very long. prediction:4
reviewText:I bought 4 of these, 1 of which was shipped to me with defects, and 2 more became defective within about 2 weeks of normal use. I would not recommend these to any one, but couldn't give a 1 star as1 of 4 cords still works fine prediction:4
reviewText:When a system is incapable of doing justice to a game, one would think a company would be smart enough to not release the game on that system. But for reasons that are probably based entirely around making money, Capcom has released a completely butchered version of its arcade fighter, X-Men vs. Street Fighter, on the PlayStation. The only thing added to the game is super cancels, which allow you to string multiple super combos together. Super cancels were lifted out of Street Fighter EX without much forethought, so some characters' cancels work better than others. In fact, the entire game seems to have been designed without much forethought. Even if this were a perfect translation of the arcade game, the simple fact remains that X-Men vs. Street Fighter is a terrible, unbalanced, pound-on-buttons-at-random-and-win-anyway fighting game.One of the few things the arcade version (and the Saturn version, which was an arcade-perfect translation) had going for it was the graphics. They weren't spectacular, but the characters were large, colorful, and used a lot of frames of animation. The PlayStation, a fairly weak machine when it comes to 2D, simply can't handle that much data. So Capcom chopped out tons of frames (Juggernaut does a whole lot of standing still, and his attacks are about two frames). The graphics look very washed out, and there is a completely unacceptable amount of slowdown. Ken's Shinryuken super combo had most of the frames chopped out, and it still slows the game down to a crawl. The slowdown and missing frames are so bad and so noticeable that they have a detrimental effect on the already bad gameplay.The arcade version's big selling point was that you picked two characters and could tag-team between the two at any time during the fight. Your teammate would also come out and help in a two-level team attack, as well as in Alpha counter-style attacks. Since duplicating this on the PlayStation would require keeping four entire sets of animations in memory, the tag feature has been completely removed. You still pick a second character (cruelly taunting players expecting the full functionality of the arcade version), but he only makes his presence felt during the team attacks and counters. To make up for the shortened play time, the one-round battles of the arcade have been extended to the standard two-out-of-three format. Characters also slowly regain life, much like your backup character would in the arcade.This game just shouldn't exist. At some point in the development cycle, someone should have stepped in, seen that the PlayStation simply couldn't do justice to the original game, and pulled the plug. It took an additional 4MB of RAM to get the Saturn, which already has more RAM than the PlayStation, to run a perfect version of the game. I like the Street Fighter series as much as the next guy, but this is taking it way too far. prediction:4
reviewText:Most Teekns fans carer started with Tekken 3.  And if you were an aracde aholic, it started with 2.  Had this been the easrly 90's this gamewould have got 5 stars hands down.  But over the years, this game is aged.  Tekken 1, was not an arcade blokc buster, and really came to age on ome systems.  Most fans of later tekkens will notice that this game was left for improvements.  Thee characters, while perfect stunnning and apporpiate for the early 90's, are blocky and of little detail.  although it was light years beyond Virtua Fighter 1.  And the fact that this was one ofthe first 3-dgames without chessy ringouts,and a highly detail, and cue combo system.  Most fans of later tekken will notice the cheese factor of the gameplay.  You could basically, pumble the computer, or an human oppeonent with little ease on the ground.  Which was improved in later Tekkens.  And the 8 characters, which again was appropiate for the times.  The story of this game, goes back to early Tekken.  Heatchi(sp?) was the final Boss.And was pretty hard due tothe fact you could be killed with only 3 moves.  I dont remember if Devil Kaazu(sp?) was a secret boss. But he was selectable,only through a very hard unlock process.  Anyway, I know that the later Tekkens blowthis game way, but his is a classic.  Introdcuing oyung versions, of Tekken legends.  Law, Paul, and Kaazu(sp?).  This is a personal favorite of mines.  But the reason for the low rating is the fact that the gameplay was cheesy.  Which, again was greatly imporoved upon in later tekkens. prediction:4
reviewText:Grim Fandango will definitally be enjoyed by fans of film noir and mexican mythology. I'd give it a 4 and a half if i could. The graphics have their flaws and the game runs choppy on systems not far ahead of the system requirements. Some of the puzzles are utterly impossible to figure out without incredible luck or the aid of a stradegy guide but the game is truly astonishing. You follow the character Manny Calavera, a travel agent for the dead, guiding souls to their final resting place in the best way possible. For some reason, Manny is denied any premium clients. Whos behind all this? Find out over a 4 year journey from the dusty streets of El Marrow, to the edge of the world and back again. Absolutely beautiful backgrounds and film noir-ish music immerse you in the atmosphere. Clever interface and variable controls are great. A very involving game. Not too long not too short. Humor and wit are weaved through every scene. In conclusion, film noir style, surreal visuals, toe tapping and ensuing music, gripping story, charming characters, and challenging puzzles will intrigue all game fans. prediction:4
reviewText:Alright already. It's a great game. Good AI, graphics. Runs well. Atmospheric. Great story and dialogue. Comedy. Blah, blah, blah.Wait a minute. I got a complaint! That movie in the beginning. You can't escape  it. It just goes on and on babbling while you're stuck in a stupid tram  car. Sheesh. What a bore. That kind of nonsense will cost you a star.  Later, I went thru that ride a few times because I grew to like the eerie  understated music. Still, I think I should have been able to skip the intro  movie. Ruined the whole game for me. prediction:4
reviewText:I used to love this game; but now it's dated and now that I look back on it, it's not as fun now, either way, here's my review.Graphics: 8.5/10. This is a more realistic snowboarding game, so there are very realistic colors; unlike snowboarding kids or anything with very bright colors. 1080 features very realistic physics and is very sophisticated. Anyways, the graphics I remember loving mainly because of the powdery snow. I liked to edge in deep snow just because it was it was so fluffy. For that, this game got what it got in this category.Sound: 9/10. Whether you go through a foot of snow or right accross jagged ice, there's a different noise. There is a different sound for everything, which is strange because really for the most part in many games on the N64 there is the same or a very similar song for everything in the game.Control: 8/10. Very, very realistic and solid, but It's frustrating for that reason. it is really realistic so you really have to land FLAT to get land, which can be frustrating for little kids. There is also damage; so if you get beat up a lot you will not win the race.Fun: 8.5/10. Nice and realistic, great events, and different difficulties for every age and cool characters make this a must play for any  owner of an N64.9/10 prediction:4
reviewText:Goldeneye 007, Killer Instint, The Donkey Kong Country series, Conker, Diddy Kong Racing....those were the good ol' days when Rare was still relevant.  Before they sold their souls to Microsoft and lost all credibility.  And in my opinion, the peak of Rare was with the Banjo games (kazooie & tooie) on Nintendo 64.  Kazooie, to me, defines the N64 3-D platformer.  While many will say Mario 64, which is a near perfect game.  I think the Nostalgia sometimes forgets how much BETTER Banjo Kazooie was.  Back in '98 rare was on a roll.  This game was yet another grandslam.  A brand new franchise, cut from scratch.  And it's absolutely amazing.  I won't go into all the details and story as my fellow reviewers have already made clear.  All I can add is this game is easily one of the best games of the late 90's.  It was a game I picked up and loved immediately.  My only question is WHAT the **** happened to rare?!!  They were so amazing with Nintendo, then dropped bomb after bomb for the X-Box consoles.  I'm not a Nintendo fanboy, so don't even go there.  But Rare took a big dookie all over this series with the newer games on Microsoft consoles.  The 1998 game will always be the best.  And I hope someday the brothers who originally ran Rare will comeback to bring the infamous "Banjo Threeie" to life on any console!! prediction:4
