reviewText:If you like rally cars get this game you will have fun.It is more oriented to &#34;European market&#34; since here in America there isn't a huge rally fan party. Music it is very European and even the voices from the game very &#34;English&#34; accent.The multiplayer isn't the best but it works just ok. prediction:0
reviewText:I had Dirt 2 on Xbox 360 and it was an okay game. I started playing games on my laptop and bought a few new games to build my collection. This game is very fun to play. It is so much better than Dirt 2. If you like racing games you should check this out. The graphics are perfect on my compter. prediction:0
reviewText:Overall this is a well done racing game, with very good graphics for its time period. My family has has enjoyed playing it a great deal. I personally think a steering wheel controller is almost a necessity for this game, but an x box type controller would probably work. The keyboard would be almost impossible, and not very fun. The "windows live" system detracts greatly, since you must log in and be online to play or save game progress. There was a mees up with my "Live" log in and the game would no longer accept my activation code and I had to rebuy the game if I wanted to play. There is no customer support at all. Dirt 2 suffers from this serious flaw as well. 4 1/2 star game 1 star Windows Live feature. prediction:0
reviewText:I'm not quite finished with the game's DiRT Tour mode, but I believe I've experienced the bulk of what the game has to offer.  And I'm happy to say that the game is indeed awesome.  Great cars, great tracks and racing modes, excellent gameplay and graphics.  The highlight has been racing in the snow on various tracks in Aspen.  There are also some really cool obstacle courses on pavement, which are new to the series.At first, I felt that the game was plagued with the same difficulty spike DiRT 2 had, where you can win any race without trying on casual difficulty, then lose big time on medium.  Then I found the custom difficulty settings where you can choose from 5 levels of challenge, then pick and choose from all the other assists and handling options.  Basically, you can let the game play itself by just holding the throttle and steering, or take gradual steps to reach what you feel works best for you.  Love this feature!  Sadly, there is no option to increase the 360 controller's dead zone or adjust the sensitivity.  I'm doing ok as is, but some tweaking would be ideal.Much like the previous two games, the handling is a bit flighty.  But that's speeding on loose ground for you.  Still, I feel things have tightened up somewhat since DiRT 2.  Still no cigar, but it's a step forward.  The game runs as smooth as silk on my 560ti wih all the settings maxed.  No issues whatsoever.  If you enjoy racing games, this is not one you should ignore.  It's the best DiRT so far. prediction:0
reviewText:This is a must have for any gamer. Codemasters really hit a home run on this one. I would like to see F1 2011 be this good using the ego engine 2.0 and the physics model in this game is right on the money. This game is the reason everyone should buy the best graphics card they can afford. I am using a nvidia 460 overclocked, and I have on order a 590. I want to run this game with everything on highest level. I swear to you that even with the 460 + , the graphics are very realistic and I really enjoy racing at ground level. This game makes Codemasters the king of graphics realism. BUY THIS GAME !!!!!December 6, 2011  I saw my review of the Internet and wanted to update it for you. First of all anyone with this program, BUY the extra environments and cars. It is money well spent and a first class job of an addon. I wanted everyone to know that this program is still the top of the heap in graphics. I bought Battlefield 3 and it is good, but not the standard of the ego 2 engine. Codemasters are the king of graphics so far and I find that the more realism a game has, the more adicted you will become. No other program running with all variables to the max, looks like Dirt 3. Thank God for codemasters and I can hardly wait for GRID 2 in the summer. prediction:0
reviewText:This is a must have for any gamer. Codemasters really hit a home run on this one. I would like to see F1 2011 be this good using the ego engine 2.0 and the physics model in this game is right on the money. This game is the reason everyone should buy the best graphics card they can afford. I am using a nvidia 460 overclocked, and I have on order a 590. I want to run this game with everything on highest level. I swear to you that even with the 460 + , the graphics are very realistic and I really enjoy racing at ground level. This game makes Codemasters the king of graphics realism. BUY THIS GAME !!!!!December 6, 2011  I saw my review of the Internet and wanted to update it for you. First of all anyone with this program, BUY the extra environments and cars. It is money well spent and a first class job of an addon. I wanted everyone to know that this program is still the top of the heap in graphics. I bought Battlefield 3 and it is good, but not the standard of the ego 2 engine. Codemasters are the king of graphics so far and I find that the more realism a game has, the more adicted you will become. No other program running with all variables to the max, looks like Dirt 3. Thank God for codemasters and I can hardly wait for GRID 2 in the summer. prediction:0
reviewText:I played the original Zelda as a boy.  I've enjoyed a lot of good times playing this updated version with my 10 yr. old son.  Great adventures and game play, and luckily we can find tips for problems we confront on the internet.  Very well designed game that is user friendly.  Awesome. prediction:0
reviewText:lookin for a rpg? this is the game for you. filled with many hours of gameplay to find all the hidden items. casual gameplay, unless you try to collect everything, then it's hardcore. good controls and challenging puzzels give this game its rateing. prediction:0
reviewText:nice skin for xbox controllers makes them more slip free and smooth softer too good deal and nice stuff try one prediction:0
reviewText:Easy install and feels great. The skin fits really well and functions properly. I did have to trim up around the triggers because they moved around while I used them, but after that it was perfect. prediction:0
