reviewText:1st shipment received a book instead of the game.2nd shipment got a FAKE one. Game arrived with a wrong key inside on sealed box. I got in contact with codemasters and send them pictures of the DVD and the content. They said nothing they can do its a fake DVD.Returned it good bye.! prediction:4
reviewText:This really is a step up from Dirt 2. Better graphics, cars seem a little more responsive. Overall it was worth almost the money, but of course, I wait till the games are "old hat" and buy them cheaper.The really bad thing is having to buy tracks and cars. Nope, I'm never going to do that and I think it is a crappy deal, but that's life. If I had known about the lack of tracks and cars, I would have passed. There's no real reason to finish the game, as it's just more of the same without paying a bunch of money to get all the "extras", that should have been in the game to begin with. prediction:4
reviewText:lot of people don't like RALLY because they already tried gran turismo game. to tell you the truth gran turismo RALLY physic is just boring boring boring. gran turismo only good for racing simulation but RALLY part is suck!!!!  dirt 2 amazed me how much fun it was and now dirt 3 with 3 time more race tracks than dirt 2.  MUST BUY!!!!!!!!!! prediction:4
reviewText:Works good, however is not "like a new" with a little not important defect in appearance!Really good, and works fantastic! prediction:4
reviewText:This was exactly what was needed and has worked flawlessly since being received. I recommend it, if you need one. prediction:4
reviewText:Anyone who has ever played a flight sim can tell this is not like A10-warthog just by reading the info on the game.This is an arcade type game with some sim stuff add to make it sell more and be kind of fun and fast to play.Sometimes we all just want to blow the (blank) out of things and unwind.This is fairly well made and the graphics are ok for what it is(a game).If you want a real flight sim this is not it.If you just want to get online and have some fun with others for a while this is it.The target aircraft can do hard right and left turns that would take the wings of any aircraft and thats not right but this is a game and not a sim.This was made sometime ago and graphics have come along way but it is ok for it's time.You will not have any issues installing this or running this game on most systems with a gtx460 or better.You can max out all setting with one evga gtx560ti 2gb video card.The install dose take some time to get done and it will update for you when you run the sim the first time.This all takes 30min or so counting the install of the game.It is what it is and thats a game not a flight sim but it is fun to play a few hours now and then.I have a solid system and have had no issues running this at all.If you are looking for a real flight sim that has ture reallistic flight of the aircraft and working cockpits, this is not for you.Try A10-warthog or wings over europe or wings over vietnam or IL-2.These are flight sims and run well on any solid sysetm with xp or windows 7 running. prediction:4
reviewText:I love this simulator it is a lot of fun controlling ships and boats. I only wish the color was better, because all the water is usually grey. But, other than that you will have a great time if you love ships. prediction:4
reviewText:covers the controller more then others and is pretty durable, great grip to it as well and keeps its color, looks solid. prediction:4
reviewText:This is not the first one of these I have had, in fact this is about my 8th. There are many different skin types and different skin makers, so you have to judge each on it's own merit. My controller skin arrived today, well ahead of expected delivery, just as described solid black and silicone. Fit is just perfect, and installation had no problems. Good comfortable smooth texture, while still providing a much better grip than on the hard slick controller plastic. I like to clean my game equipent regularly, and I always clean even new items before using. This is a great way to test the quality of the item, I cleaned the skin using isopropanal alchohol, no gumming (like you get with lower grade skins)and no color bleed onto the rag, this tells me it is definitly silicone not some rubber stuff. Once on the controller grip is good, comfort is good, feel is natural. I am very pleased with this controller skin, I have been needing to get one for my extra controller. I will definitly be ordering a few more later, a friend has a birthday coming up. prediction:4
reviewText:I really like this skin. It makes the controller nicer to play with, and looks nice as well.Yes, i would recommend this to a friend. prediction:4
reviewText:just right! works great , I' ll be ordering again laters! hope you will still be there then! see you! prediction:4
reviewText:I bought this because I recently bought a gamecube for old times sake. This memory card works great, and was one of the cheaper cards. prediction:4
reviewText:My nephew wanted an older gamecube game to play in our Wii. Once I purchased the game for him, we found out that the Wii controllers won't work with the gamecube games when played in the Wii. After doing a little research, I realized we needed the classic gamecube controller and a gamecube memory card. Once we got both of those, the gamecube game that we bought finally worked! After playing the game for a bit while being &#34;tethered&#34; to the Wii system because of the cable for the controller, we decided we needed extension cables to have a bit more freedom. So we got these controller extension cables. He is happy! prediction:4
reviewText:These are great. If you have a wii and use your GameCube controllers these are a must have. I can sit on the couch and not have to lean in towards the console and have the freedom to move around. They're perfect prediction:4
reviewText:I play Brawl and Melee all the time with my siblings and friends, and sitting squished together 3 feet from the tv was a pain. So I got these cables because it was cheep and could solve most of our problems with this, even if it did not look like they would last long from some of the reviews. but when i got these they worked great and did not seem cheap at all. I expected there to be lag with the controls, but there wasn't. They have survived a month of intense fighting and are still in top-notch condition. These are great if you need room or do not like sitting 3 feet from the screen. prediction:4
reviewText:They work fine but i feel like they have a little lag to the controls when i use it on my controller. And out of the two, one is already ripping. They get the job done but i dont think they will last very long. prediction:4
reviewText:I bought 4 of these, 1 of which was shipped to me with defects, and 2 more became defective within about 2 weeks of normal use. I would not recommend these to any one, but couldn't give a 1 star as1 of 4 cords still works fine prediction:4
reviewText:For people who still have a GameCube, but don't have a wireless controller (don't bother, you'll be disappointed because none of them come with the damn adapter,) these cords are fantastic. I can take my controller all over the house with them if I please, and they don't cause lag or short out to any degree I can tell. They're not shoddily-made and have lasted well so far. I'd buy them again. prediction:4
reviewText:I bought 2 sets of this product (so 4 cables total). I was not disappointed. They all work perfectly and they accomplished what I bought them for. I have 2 big screen TV's and the 2 rooms I use for these have couches that sit back a lot further than the standard gamecube controller cord would reach. Hook 1 of these extensions up to each controller and problem solved. I also like the length because I still had room to go back farther but this allowed each cord to rest on the ground so there is less of a tripping hazard for those people that never fail to walk in front of everyone and don't pay attention to the cords. They even work for Bongos so that is a nice feature to be able to move the bongos back as well for those games. prediction:4
reviewText:Breath of Fire III's old-school graphics capture the feel of old RPGs, and how good they were, playing on NES and Super NES, back in the old days. Now  I still play SNES, playing such good games as Super Godzilla, Breath of  Fire I, and the Final Fantasy series. The storyline goes as follows--Ryu is  a survivor of an ancient race of dragons, the Brood, which nearly destroyed  the world. However, he is a good dragon. He allies himself with Yraall  Region thieves, Rei and fellow dragon Teepo, who at the time doesn't know  he's a dragon. He aligns himself with the young Princess of Wyndia,  Princess Nina, and the daughter of a smart scientist, Momo, a mutated  vegetable named Peco who has a lot of significance at the end of the game,  and a Guardian of Urkan Tapa who's race once fought and defeated the  dragons in a war, Garr. Together they quest to find Ryu's origin and other  members of his race, and to find out if Ryu is evil or not. With beautiful  music, surroundings, and a great storyline, this is one of the best RPGs of  all--with many mini-games abound and a fantastic battle system. Definitely  get this if you're a fan of Capcom RPGs. prediction:4
reviewText:Basically, Breath of Fire 4 stole a lot of ideas from it's predecessor, this one. It's kinda like a degraded Breath of Fire 4 actually, but still truly brilliant, and well worth buying. prediction:4
reviewText:After defeating Xenogears, I was looking for a game that was fun to play, and didn't require me to do much thinking. Xenogears was a monster game that had a fantastic, yet confusing plot that really made you think. Breath of Fire 3 is a complete change of pace. Instead of going for an engrossing and confusing plot like FF7 and Xenogears, Breath of Fire 3 continues a simple, but fun plot that feels refreshing to play after finishing a monster game like Xenogears.Breath of Fire 3 doesn't have an overly confusing story. Once long ago, there was a clan on earth known as the dragon clan. After gaining enough power to destroy the world, the dragon clan suddenly disappeared. You play as Ryu, a young boy who suffers from amnesia. He soon befriends two thieves named Rei and Teepo. After he gets into trouble with the authorities, he soon finds out he is an ancestor of the dragon clan. So he embarks on a journey to uncover his mysterious past.Sound original? Sorry, but if it's originality that you want, you won't find it here. Even the battle system is painfully unoriginal. As you play it, it will feel like you have played something else exactly like it. The story, the battle system, everything feels like it was used many times before, and i hate to say this, but the ending is very disappointing.However, with all gripes aside, Breath of Fire 3 is a fun and engaging quest. My favorite part of the game was the characters; they are interesting, and very funny. I also liked that the plot never once got confusing. Even though it was unoriginal, it never got off target and it even sometimes kept you on the edge of your seat.With all the complaints aside, Breath of Fire 3 is fun game to play through. After playing through a monster game like Xenogears, it is refreshing to play. Unfortunately, don't get too excited about the ending. prediction:4
reviewText:Breath of Fire III is one of those games that can induce a trance of nostalgia upon thought.  I can say this about few games because most are powered by processors that reflect obsession with graphics and innovation.  Innovation is necessary, and appreciated, but games like BOF3 need never disappear.  It caters to the old-time gamer in all RPG veterens, delivering a simplistic save the world storyline and involving gameplay.  And what gameplay!  It's simplicity and charm will, hopefully, impress those who give it a chance because it is very deserving of credit.  Last, I must mention the fishing system.  It's incredibly addictive, simple, and enjoyable.  Nothing else could more easily describe it.  Throw in about another hundred fish and a wider variety of rods and bait, and you'd have a full game that I would have to own!  It's that good.  For everyone: whether an RPG-newbie or a hardcore veteren, you should give this game a chance.  Fun doesn't begin to describe it. prediction:4
reviewText:Many may disregard the Breath of Fire series as just another RPG but Capcom has done a beutiful Job with this title.  They pulled out a lot on this case.  Beutiful 2D graphics that only Capcom can do, good music, simple controls make this an excellent purchase.  Chances are you may find this at a good price somewhere so I say go for it. prediction:4
reviewText:Forgotten amidst the blood of Mortal Kombat and 3-D presentations of Virtua Fighter and Tekken, the Street Fighter II series initiated the fighting game craze.  Whereas its successors won their fanbases with graphical geegaws, Street Fighter II's strength was superb, well-balanced, uncomplicated gameplay that was simple to learn but exhausting to master.  Street Fighter Collection accurately reproduces that gameplay, making for an excellent anthology, but not a flawless one.Firstly, the omission of the first three iterations of Street Fighter II is glaring.  Given the lack of complexity of those games, one has to wonder if Capcom's developers were too lazy (or their marketers too greedy) to finish those titles for this release, instead leaving them for Street Fighter Collection II.  Graphically the games are preserved admirably, although CD audio forces the game to start each track over when speeding the tempo up, unlike in the arcade games.  The long load times are excruciating, as is each title requiring its own Memory Card block, when the high scores for both titles could easily fit into a single block.The inclusion of Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold is nice, but seems out of place in what is supposedly a historical collection.  Perhaps the developers felt they rushed the original Street Fighter Alpha 2 to market, and tried to save face by placing the more polished Gold version in this compilation.  And since this third title requires its own Memory Card block, Street Fighter Collection actually requires three blocks in all, not one as is advertised on the packaging.Still, all three games have withstood the test of time, and are worth purchasing for gameplay if not historical value.  But the aforementioned drawbacks of the Street Fighter II games and dubious packaging do detract from the compilation as a whole. prediction:4
reviewText:Mega Man Legends is a great new series for mega man.  The story takes him to an island searching for energy crystals on his dig adventures.  Game play is fun and easy to learn.  The game has plenty of secret goodies for you too discovery adding hours of replay value.  easy and fun to play but not easy enough that you'll only spend oh...one week or so one it.  Loads of fun a most have for hardcore mega man and new mega man fans of all ages!!! prediction:4
reviewText:Game works great, amazing story that brings back childhood memories, i love it!!! Awesome game to have that is old school. prediction:4
reviewText:When a system is incapable of doing justice to a game, one would think a company would be smart enough to not release the game on that system. But for reasons that are probably based entirely around making money, Capcom has released a completely butchered version of its arcade fighter, X-Men vs. Street Fighter, on the PlayStation. The only thing added to the game is super cancels, which allow you to string multiple super combos together. Super cancels were lifted out of Street Fighter EX without much forethought, so some characters' cancels work better than others. In fact, the entire game seems to have been designed without much forethought. Even if this were a perfect translation of the arcade game, the simple fact remains that X-Men vs. Street Fighter is a terrible, unbalanced, pound-on-buttons-at-random-and-win-anyway fighting game.One of the few things the arcade version (and the Saturn version, which was an arcade-perfect translation) had going for it was the graphics. They weren't spectacular, but the characters were large, colorful, and used a lot of frames of animation. The PlayStation, a fairly weak machine when it comes to 2D, simply can't handle that much data. So Capcom chopped out tons of frames (Juggernaut does a whole lot of standing still, and his attacks are about two frames). The graphics look very washed out, and there is a completely unacceptable amount of slowdown. Ken's Shinryuken super combo had most of the frames chopped out, and it still slows the game down to a crawl. The slowdown and missing frames are so bad and so noticeable that they have a detrimental effect on the already bad gameplay.The arcade version's big selling point was that you picked two characters and could tag-team between the two at any time during the fight. Your teammate would also come out and help in a two-level team attack, as well as in Alpha counter-style attacks. Since duplicating this on the PlayStation would require keeping four entire sets of animations in memory, the tag feature has been completely removed. You still pick a second character (cruelly taunting players expecting the full functionality of the arcade version), but he only makes his presence felt during the team attacks and counters. To make up for the shortened play time, the one-round battles of the arcade have been extended to the standard two-out-of-three format. Characters also slowly regain life, much like your backup character would in the arcade.This game just shouldn't exist. At some point in the development cycle, someone should have stepped in, seen that the PlayStation simply couldn't do justice to the original game, and pulled the plug. It took an additional 4MB of RAM to get the Saturn, which already has more RAM than the PlayStation, to run a perfect version of the game. I like the Street Fighter series as much as the next guy, but this is taking it way too far. prediction:4
reviewText:The Playstation version of Riven is definantly not as good as the PC version, but it still adds up to be a great experience. Solid gameplay, crips graphics, and top-notch sound. But still falls short in some areas. Disc changing can get very tedious. That's one reason why I recommend the DVD version for the pc. But it's no doubt this game will suck you in and keep you sucked for a long time. Get ready to experience a whole new world. prediction:4
reviewText:Except for having to switch discs all the time!!!  I know it's a fact that this game was so big, you had to swap discs, that's the only reason I didn't give it a 5!!!  Other than that the game is completely immersive.  It puts you right in the world of Riven.  This game inspired me to purchase Myst.  Part I in the series.  I hope that they make more of these games for the Playstation 2 and 3 coming out.  Myst III: Exile was the last game to be ported on the Playstation 2.  Come on Cyan, put more out for the Playstations!! prediction:4
reviewText:Most Teekns fans carer started with Tekken 3.  And if you were an aracde aholic, it started with 2.  Had this been the easrly 90's this gamewould have got 5 stars hands down.  But over the years, this game is aged.  Tekken 1, was not an arcade blokc buster, and really came to age on ome systems.  Most fans of later tekkens will notice that this game was left for improvements.  Thee characters, while perfect stunnning and apporpiate for the early 90's, are blocky and of little detail.  although it was light years beyond Virtua Fighter 1.  And the fact that this was one ofthe first 3-dgames without chessy ringouts,and a highly detail, and cue combo system.  Most fans of later tekken will notice the cheese factor of the gameplay.  You could basically, pumble the computer, or an human oppeonent with little ease on the ground.  Which was improved in later Tekkens.  And the 8 characters, which again was appropiate for the times.  The story of this game, goes back to early Tekken.  Heatchi(sp?) was the final Boss.And was pretty hard due tothe fact you could be killed with only 3 moves.  I dont remember if Devil Kaazu(sp?) was a secret boss. But he was selectable,only through a very hard unlock process.  Anyway, I know that the later Tekkens blowthis game way, but his is a classic.  Introdcuing oyung versions, of Tekken legends.  Law, Paul, and Kaazu(sp?).  This is a personal favorite of mines.  But the reason for the low rating is the fact that the gameplay was cheesy.  Which, again was greatly imporoved upon in later tekkens. prediction:4
reviewText:Ever since I was young, I have been in love with the Tekken series. Brings back a lot of good memories. I bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun. Though the graphics aren't as top notch at games these days are, but it's still an entertaining game to play. If you collect either Tekken stuff or video games, this is a must own. prediction:4
reviewText:I really like playing this game with my son. He has so much fun with it. prediction:4
reviewText:Ever since I was young, I have been in love with the Tekken series. Brings back a lot of good memories. I bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun. Though the graphics aren't as top notch at games these days are, but it's still an entertaining game to play. If you collect either Tekken stuff or video games, this is a must own. This sequal is too good to miss out on. Buy it before it's gone for good. prediction:4
reviewText:This is my family,s favorite fighting game. From my six year old daughter on up to my 10yr. old son they love this game.  The graphics along with the sounds and moves are excellent also, there is a great character selection to choose from. prediction:4
reviewText:For the &quot;Ace combat&quot; initiated, this game is a lot better that the original &quot;Ace Combat&quot; for it's graphics and play, although I have to say how much I enjoyed &quot;Ace Combat&quot; too, in the beginning. Not only have the grapics been improved but the game now includes a scannar that actually tellls you which way the enemy planes are pointing - a must for the correct deployment of missiles. Missions are plentiful and, in addition to the possibility to select a wingman (or, indeed wing&quot;woman&quot; as sexual equality aware NAMCO has included) you can even direct him or her to take on a certain part of the mission, or do the mission without support, as you wish. There are the usual night missions and canyon-runs, and plenty of planes to choose from. Game action is very smooth too. The planes available in the more advanced stages of the missions are great. An enjoyable game! prediction:4
reviewText:If I could have give 6 stars for this game, I would have.  I played this originally when it first came out in 1996.  Back then, games such as Resident Evil and Tomb Raider were ground-breaking milestones in entertainment known as video games.  I won't talk about Resident Evil here because everyone knows about that.Tomb Raider was the first game to give players control of a character in a true 3D environment.  Sure, you had games like Doom and Wolfenstien, but they played only on a single plane with your character spinning on an axis.  Tomb Raider allowed you to control Lara, the feminine version of Indiana Jones, an use the environments such as cliffs, roofs, etc. to progress through the levels.  Level design in Tomb Raider is really what the game is centered around.  Beautiful, stunning, breath-taking, eerie, surreal, all describe the level design here.  Nothing short of ingenious.The game mechanics and control of Lara were never the best, but they were also adequate to get the job done.  Lara spins on a fixed axis when the player turns left and right, and forward makes her run in the direction she is facing.  Turning can sometimes be a chore, especially when the action is turned up a notch.  Luckily, the circle button makes Lara do a somersault tumble, for a quick &quot;about-face&quot;.  The shimmying and climbing from ledge to ledge and jumping has always been amazing.  Combine that with sliding down angular rock formations and time jumps and grabs to ledges, and you are bound to fall in love with the action that Eidos developed (NOTE: This kind of mechanics shined most for me in this game as opposed to all the predecessors, including Angel of Darkness for PS2.  This kind of action became less and less as the series went on, save for Last Revelation, maybe).  The swimming sequences and puzzles are also a really wonderful treat as well.There are plenty of surprises in this game that I don't want to give away, however, I will tell you that some of the levels in the game will stick in your memory for a long, long time after.  For example, &quot;The God Room&quot; of St. Francis' Folly has got to be one of the best and most memorable and beautiful levels of any game that I've played.So why am I writing this review now, 7 years after the release date?  For a few reasons.  First, being that I can't get the game out of my head for more than a few months.  Every six months I go back to it.  The second reason, is that when I bought a PS2, I knew I would be playing the original Tomb Raider again and wanted that backward capability.  And THIRD and quite possibly the most important (and the reason I titled this review &quot;Dear Eidos&quot;) is that Angel of Darkness was the single reason that I sold my PS2 for an X-Box.  At first I enjoyed AOD, but the game has rampant problems.  I've always welcomed a new Tomb Raider game in my life and gave AOD more than one chance.  I loved all the other PS1 Tomb Raider games, including III, which got a lot of harsh and unwarranted criticisms in my mind, but whatever.  I hated AOD and want Eidos to know that.  And FOURTH reason is that I repurchased the new and compact PSOne last week.  I still own my Tomb Raider from back in the day.  Last night I played it and the magic was back like from the first time I played it.  Sure the graphics feel older, but they are by no means bad at all considering that I play games like Halo, Crimson Skies, Prince of Persia, and Rainbow Six 3 on the X-Box.  There will always be a large place in my geeky video-gaming heart for this true classic.EIDOS: TAKE THE POWER BACK! prediction:4
reviewText:It's great to play if you have nothing to do well anyaway. The level's are so cool it's get's better each time you go to a new level. Each level have something you must do before you go on. There are alot of little places that you can fine little small heath pack's get those you will need it because there is always someone trying to stop you and kill you O, if you fine anything useful get that too.Sometimes the informate is right there in your face you just got to look that's all.This was my only game that I own for my playstation. That the time I did't know if I sould play it or leave it alone will I play it and you know what, I like it for once a woman is doing the thing and I said it's about time, do you know what I mean??Well go have fun I did. Take your time and do it right I did and I got good at. prediction:4
reviewText:I absolutely love Tomb Raider. It is definitely my favorite game of all time. It has everything you need to make a wonderfully fun game. There is action and adventure, thriller, problem solving, and an entertaining story line. I love the challenge of the problem solving. It isn't a game you can finish in a couple hours, but take a long time to get through all of the different puzzles. You definitely get your moneys worth with play time on this game. It will always keep you thinking. I couldn't ask for a better game. prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best game I have yet to play.  It took me six months to finally defeat,figure out and fight my way to the end of this game.  This game was like a very suspenseful movie that I was controlling. Many times in the game I was actually sweating from fear. You don,t know what,s waiting for you around each corner, waiting to jump out at you and scare the crap out of you. Even my family and onlookers were startled or to afraid to play this game because of the  realism captured in enormous worlds and creepy CD sounds. prediction:4
reviewText:This takes back memories when I first played Tomb Raider.  It's both chalenging and fun.  Its remake is just added stuff and newly improved stages. prediction:4
reviewText:Use to play this as a kid and when I played it, it brought back all kinds of memories from my childhood. Definitely a game to have if you are or were a fan of wrestling. prediction:4
reviewText:Snowboarding games are a dime a dozen these days, so it's nice when a good one comes along. Although it's rare to see a snowboarding game play out like Mario Kart, it makes for a really fun game. You play as one of 6 grade school children, collect items and weapons, knock off enemies with these items and weapons, do tricks, and get money while trying to win the race. Even though the childish characters may intimidate many who see this game, this still is a great game. The game looks pretty nice for N64 standards, the controls are tight, the sounds are good and the music is very catchy. This game also uses great ideas, such as saving money to upgrade your snowboard or playing on really wacky (but really enjoyable) courses. In fact, some of the courses have no snow on them! But that's the fun of this game: getting to snowboard down unimaginable terrain, while at the same time, hitting your opponents with pie-pans, bombs, rocks and other items. It releases some kind of childhood glee deep in your brain that I just can't explain. But it's not all fun and games though. There are some problems. First, is the game's image. Many are really going to be turned off by the childish nature of this game, though I liked it so much, I didn't care. The biggest problem is that you need a Conroller Pak to save your data. The real gripes here is that there is no battery backed memory option along with the Controller Pak use and since the game requires 121 of the 123 pages in the Controller Pak, you'll need to spend more money getting more Controller Paks if you have other games that require it also (Mystical Ninja starring Goemon, Rugrats In Paris) or games where you want to save data for safe keeping (Wave Race 64, Perfect Dark). But even with these issues, the game is still really fun and worth playing. If you like it and still want more, try its sequel, Snowboard Kids 2. But try the original first to see if you like the style of play. I'll bet dollars to donuts that you'll enjoy it, though. Great Job, Atlus. prediction:4
reviewText:If you like Mario Kart 64, then you will absolutely love this game! Its sort of a rendition of Mario Kart 64, but instead of riding karts, your riding snowboards. Now in my biased opinion, I love snowboarding games, and this one was a classic among my friends and me.I recently played it again and noticed several pros and cons that made it such a good game. It had hilarious sound effects, great controls, a few varieties of boards to chose from, and solid looking graphics. It is also fun to get power ups and shoot down your friends to get in the lead. What's really cool about this game is the chair lift at the end of the run. To get back to the top of the mountain you have to go up a chairlift, but the chaos that happens to be the first person to ride the chairlift is hilarious. The only thing that turns people off from the game is that there are only four riders to choose from, and they're all little kids. In other games like Mario Kart, there is more characters to chose from, but the character choices are only a minor con. It also has an incredibly babyish look towards it that can be a slight turn off for older kids.  But once you can "read past its cover" the game can be so much fun to play with friends and family. It is almost nothing like the immature style the game gives off.Overall, I rate this game a solid 4.5 out of 5 because it is fun and exciting, and in my opinion, better than Mario Kart 64. prediction:4
reviewText:This was the first C&amp;C game I ever purchased. I got this game when I wasn't playing much else apart from EVERQUEST, upon a friends recommendation. I wasn't to familiar with the C&amp;C franchise of RTS games from Westwood. Now I am a fan of the series.If you don't know, TIBERIAN SUN is a RTS about two military forces at odds with one another. The evil NOD, that wants to rule the world, while the honorable GDI wants to protect the world. The single player missions are on two discs. One is GDI and the other disc is the NOD single player missions. Both are quite fun and it helps you to learn the gameplay. I can't say I liked the full-motion-video sequences, but they are quite funny in an unintentional way!The online multiplayer is where the real fun of TIBERIAN SUN is at! There just is no way to describe winning a long 2 hour match online and not getting booted off!This is a good value for the money. It may not be as great as AGE OF EMPIRES or STARCRAFT, but TIBERIAN SUN is fun nonetheless. Enjoy! prediction:4
reviewText:Loved it!!! One of the best games in this genre. Good story, and even has the guy from the first Terminator who protects the woman (can't think of his name) as one of the main actors in the cutscenes, and James Earl Jones. High production values.  The game play is top notch. prediction:4
reviewText:This is this is the first strategy game I have ever liked that I played, so maybe I'm partial to it ... but I love it!  I don't understand why some  people are so crushed when their &quot;favorite&quot; game series puts out  a bad game.  It's not that big of a deal.  For all you Red Alert buffs, Red  Alert 2 will be out soon so chill out for a minute.  There are a ton of  different strategies to play this game with so it becomes extremely  addictive.  Once you get the basics down ... the sky is pretty much the  limit on strategies you can use so this adds replay value to the game.  It  will definitely keep you busy until the next installment by Westwood.  The  online play is great and easy to use.  I haven't even played the single  player game because I just can't get enough of the online play.  So unlike  the other people who are saying they hate it (but they probably still play  it often), I like it an awful lot. prediction:4
reviewText:FF 7 has always been my favorite game in the whole world, in fact, it is my whole world.  I play it everyday, but I was always sad, because I had to leave the playstation to go on the internet to read about and discuss FF 7.  But not anymore!  Now, FF 7 is out on the PC, and you have to buy it at any cost, so that you can laugh and cry and live the greatest experience of all time, the experience that is Final Fantasy 7, on your computer!  Just thinking about it is making me tear up a little.  I promise, you will not be disappointed.  The stunning, gut-wrenching visuals, the passionate, heart-wrenching storyline, the exciting, ball-wrenching combat system, the absolutely awe-inspiring characters...nothing could be more perfect.  You have not lived if you have not played this game. prediction:4
reviewText:This RPG is a blast to play!  The graphics and battle system will blow you away when you first play it!  There's even a tutorial, so you can get in the game quicker!  As for the storyline, excellent!  The storyline goes all over the place, but that's what fun about it!  The game itself is also long and entertaining.  It took me 73 hours to finish, side-quests and all.  You even get an amusement park filled with games and wonderful items to help you on your quest.  Get this game!!!  It will get you hoooked on hours to come!!! prediction:4
reviewText:This game is fantastic, and you wont be able to put it down for a long long time.  I have over 120+ hours played on my game save.  Final Fantasy VII Platinum Edition features a revamped old soundtrack...that I find 2x better than the PSone version's soundtrack.  Although it takes a while to adjust to the numpad controls, after playing for a while, you'll wonder how you would have done it any other way.  The on-screen controls are bizarre and during scenes such as the timed puzzle in the rocket ship, you'll have a hard time typing in key combos.  Materia allows you to use different magics on different characters, allowing for different characters to use Summons, Magic, and Cure.  My tip: dont give up solely because of the controls---this game is FANTASTIC and although I found the console experience more enthralling and easier to jump into, the PC version was much more cinematic and was totally worth it.  FF7 is by far the best game I have ever played, and you do not want to miss out on this adventure.  My only tip: dont save over the same file, especially before you enter the Northern Crater--you wont be able to exit it if you do.Replayability: ***** (Tons of extra caves, quests, missions, mini-games to find, extra materia, weapons, limit-breaks, and bosses to fight well after the game is over.)Gameplay: ***** (Amazing boss fights, you will be on the edge of your seat during battles, incredibly fun)Story: ***** (The plot twists, the depth in the story, the emotions...its AMAZING)Graphics: ***** (You can view on a big resolution, better textures and stuff.  More crisp than the PSone version)Controls: **** (Takes a while to get used to, you wont want to try another control setup once you do)Sound: ***** (Sound effects are recycled from the PSone game, BUT, the music was totally redone, and that is one of the biggest parts of this game)Addictiveness: ***** (I stopped playing my other games for almost 4 months when I got into this game)The best part of this game is that it is so easy to pick up and play.  The Ruby and Emerald Weapons provide you with more challenge than the last boss of the game.  Raising chocobos and minigames at the Golden Saucer couldnt be more fun, and this remains the only game besides World of Warcraft that I havent uninstalled from my computer.  Final Fantasy VII is a keeper, and dont be discouraged by the prices on Amazon, by the time you're done with the game, you will believe it to be the best $50 you have spent on a game.  I would know, because I said the same thing. prediction:4
reviewText:This Final Fantasy 7 is one of the most influenced games of all time. The fan bases for this one game blows out all FF fan base out of the water. Never has any other FF game seen such an influenced with multiple related games/story characters found in different games. Multiple Movies. Toys, cards, etc based on this game.  Why was that all necessary for this one game?It's just that DAMN AWESOME! This game has everything! Story, characters, battle system, music, humor and more! If it didn't why else did this game influenced so many other things that followed it after? Because it was just damn awesome!You can play this game over and over before getting tried of it, but you will keep it in your hearts forever. The amazing game play, the amazing characters, and amazing graphics. (Back in those days.)They just can't make anything that even comes close to what they did back then. I wish they did, but they can't! It was just too well done! lol prediction:4
reviewText:I'll preface this by saying yes I have played through FFVII on the playstation when it first came out. I've probably played through it at least a dozen times as I just enjoy the story, how it unfolds, the characters you meet and the events that transpire that intertwines their stories together.Prior to this game, I was mostly into sports/FPS type games. An RPG (heck I didn't even know what that meant at the time) game was not even remotely on my list of games that were coming out that I wanted. A friend of mine where I was working at showed me a gamer mag that had a full rundown of this game. Indeed it seemed very impressive and the more he talked about it, the more I got interested in it.Then came release day. I still wasn't sold on it but after leaving work I figured... what the hell. Drove 45 minutes north to the nearest mall where a buddy mine worked at EBGames. Soon as I entered he was like "Did you preorder this!!". I told him no and that I wasn't really interested in RPG's as they always sound boring and I'd lose interest quick and waste my money. He showed me a quick demo and I admit, it got me thinking as to "I wonder what happens after this...". I finally said sure. He hooked me up with the strategy guide, free tshirt and the 3 disc game... 3 DISCS!! When I cracked open the case and saw 3 discs... I knew this would be an epic, legendary tale. I just didn't know how epic.I won't go much into the characters as they have been around a long time and most know who/what they are. But the story... wow. I could not have been more hooked. At first it started off a little slow, mostly to get you introduced to the characters and get some backstory going. After the 2nd mako reactor explosion and you get knocked into slums and fall through the church and meet Aeris... it all changes. The direction, tone and emotion starts running higher. Battles get more intense. You really get the feel that something big, much bigger than even all these characters is building up. It all seems to point to Shinra, but even as you infiltrate it, something is even more disturbing. JENOVA. Soon as I saw that short cutscene with Cloud peeking inside its stasis chamber.. my jaw dropped. I wanted to know what it is, where it came from, what they are using it for etc etc etc. But thats what set this game apart. The more answers you get, the more questions were raised than before.The world is huge, lots of explorable areas with side quests and storylines. I spent alot of time raising the Chocobos and racing them to get the Gold Choco so I can access the caves that contained important and powerful items and materia.Materia System: One of the best magic systems I have encountered to date. While you won't use all the materia you buy/find. Its the reward of seeing that glowing green/blue/red/yellow/purple stone that makes you fight to get it and see what it is. Summons are excellent with great animation for the time it was made. Knights of the Round was very long to summon, but the damage and wait is well worth it.Characters: Some of the most diverse ever seen and very deep with different backgrounds. I think the first time I really got a sense of how immense this story was getting was when I first went into Shinra Mansion with all the creepy creatures you fight and head into the basement where all the Shinra research was stored regarding JENOVA, Sephiroth and the experiments. The characters sucked you in with their drive and emotion to the situations. Making you want to keep going and see whats around the next corner.In conclusion, for us long-timers here this game never gets old. For the newcomers, get ready to experience something extraordinary. To quote the back of the Playstation case.. "What erupts goes beyond imagintion". prediction:4
reviewText:Words really can describe how wonderful this game is. The first thing you will notice is the incredible graphics (note: a 3D card is not required!.) Everything is drawn in great detail right down to character traits and facial expressions (who would have thought a fleshless person would be so good with expressions.) The story is also very entertaining and added with the graphics, it makes this a very absorbing adventure. This is one of the few games that I can't say anything negative about. This is a must have! prediction:4
reviewText:Grim Fandango will definitally be enjoyed by fans of film noir and mexican mythology. I'd give it a 4 and a half if i could. The graphics have their flaws and the game runs choppy on systems not far ahead of the system requirements. Some of the puzzles are utterly impossible to figure out without incredible luck or the aid of a stradegy guide but the game is truly astonishing. You follow the character Manny Calavera, a travel agent for the dead, guiding souls to their final resting place in the best way possible. For some reason, Manny is denied any premium clients. Whos behind all this? Find out over a 4 year journey from the dusty streets of El Marrow, to the edge of the world and back again. Absolutely beautiful backgrounds and film noir-ish music immerse you in the atmosphere. Clever interface and variable controls are great. A very involving game. Not too long not too short. Humor and wit are weaved through every scene. In conclusion, film noir style, surreal visuals, toe tapping and ensuing music, gripping story, charming characters, and challenging puzzles will intrigue all game fans. prediction:4
reviewText:This was truly one of the best games I have played in a long time. It has challenging puzzles that may at times seem impossible but the solution is often right before your eyes. Based upon the Mexican Day of the Dead it  gives the player a little bit of background while keeping them entertained.  Great game, lots of P.I. cliches, mentally stimulating, and just plain FUN! prediction:4
reviewText:I was very dubious when I started playing Grim Fandango.  An adventure game with polygons?  And the SCUMM menu interface system that was in every single past Lucasarts adventure game was gone?  But I gave it a try.  Thank  goodness I did.Grim Fandango is a story about Manny Calavera, a travel  agent for the souls of the dead.  He sells packages to the departed for  their four year journey to their just rewards, and if he sells enough he  can earn enough to make his own trip someday.Imagine the theme of  Casablanca with some mexican folklore and Mayan art thrown in for fun.  Add  big orange demons, hot rods, killer beavers, cat races, and the grim reaper  and you have Grim Fandango.The story is supurb and the voice acting was  top notch.  It's very difficult to do a dramatic yet humorous story, but  somehow this game pulls it off.  Grim Fandango could yank me to the brink  of tears one moment and cause me to almost bust a gut another.The things  that make a good adventure game are all there.  Logical puzzles that don't  cause your gameplay to come to a standstill until you solve them, good  acting, good animation, and good code!  If I were ever forced to reccomend  only on adventure game to someone, this would be it. prediction:4
reviewText:If they made more games like this, I'd be a pauper. Intelligent, funny, easy to use, easy to solve, and no bloody chess problems. It's also thought-provoking, gorgeous, well-written, and as believable as talking skeletons and elevator demons can make it. One of my favorites that I play over and over again. One caveat: At least one puzzle seems to be tied to processor speed, so if you have a fast machine you'll need to download a patch from the manufacturers' website. Well worth the trouble, though. prediction:4
reviewText:This is the EPITOME of graphic adventures. No other game has even come close to GRIM FANTANGO when it comes to humor (of all shades and shapes), inventiveness, delicious irony, creative graphics and plain good-ol' FUN!!This is a 10-year old game mind you - yet, it retains its freshness as any true work of art. THIS IS HOW COMPUTER GAMES SHOULD HAVE BEEN - and not the pathetic cookie-cutter products of mega-corporations working in-tandem with GX-card companies...Your character (hilarious and lovable Manny Calavera) is already...dead when you start. In fact he has been dead for some time, stuck in limbo, trying to pay his way to a better afterlife by selling tickets to other souls on their way to paradise. Guess what: corruption is not limited just to this world. And where there is corruption, there is oppression; and where there is oppression, there is always a revolution brewing...Realizing he is being duped, Manny reluctantly joins the afterlife underground and takes us in a tour de force of one of the MOST BEAUTIFUL GAME EVER PRODUCED. Immersing noirish atmosphere, detailed art-deco settings, fast Bogartian dialogs - with a subtle ironic frosting.WARNING: There are known problems with today's faster processors. So, unless you have a really old system running Win98 you will need the WinXP PATCH (otherwise you will not get past the crane scene).WITH THE HIGHEST RECOMMENDATIONS!!! prediction:4
reviewText:I still remember when I first bought this game in the 90's and I still playthe game from time to time for both entertainment and nostalgia.  As with most of the pc games in the 90's there was no type commands but just the point and click with the mouse usually but still the humor and video cut scenes in the game were more than enough to keep you playing until the end.  The short story-plot was your character was a civil servant for the spiritual plane where the recently departed had to stop before making their final passage to eternal rest.  Your character for whatever reason had to work off a certain amount of time to clear his debt before going to the place of eternal rest as well.  The job was you worked to see how well the person who just died was in life meaning the more compassionate, and humane they were in life the faster to paradise they would get to meaning the usual ways to get to paradise depending on the person was bus, boat, car, and if very high on the morality meter the number nine train which would only take nine minutes for the person to get to paradise.  Of course there was more to the game and that is why it made it very entertaining to play.  The video graphics are of the 90's era so again if your used to playing recent pc games you might feel the graphics are sub par but don't let that dissuade you from this game.  The voice actors they got to do the characters were incredible both in their acting for their characters and their ability to bring the humor and excitement into the game itself.  I know while some think this doesn't have the fighting or the action of recent pc games but I still feel that it's one of the few classics that many people will still find very enjoyable to play both for themselves and children without worrying about to much violence of the game. prediction:4
reviewText:I don't go for adventure games, personally.  Ninety percent of the time, I prefer shooters.  But this one...man, it's so weird, so unique, and so GENIUS through and through, how can you not love it?Here's the story.  Manny Calavera is a low-level salesman trying to earn an honest commission and make a decent day's pay, but it never seems to work out for him.  His boss is constantly on his back, he's routinely snaked by a competitor, Domino Hurley, and the right sales never come his way.  It's a lousy life to have.Especially if you're already dead.That's the twist; Manny, and just about everyone else in the game, is dead.  This whole game takes place in the Land of the Dead of Mexican/Aztec folklore, with a strong Art Deco influence, with heavy doses of '30s crime noir thrown in.  Everyone in the game is fashioned to look like the sugar skeletons used in Day of the Dead festivals (called 'calaveras'; get it?).Manny works in the Department of Death, trying to work off his time for his misdeeds when he was alive.  He does that by trying to sell 'travel packages' to the recently deceased, so they can make their four-year journey across the Land of the Dead, until they reach the portal leading to the Land of Eternal Rest.  The quality of life this person lived determines whether they get to use a car, a luxury liner, or the exclusive No. 9 train, which speeds its passengers there in four minutes, instead of the customary four years.Unfortunately, the kind of lowlifes who keep coming Manny's way only deserve walking sticks at best, which does absolutely nothing to help Manny work off his time.  So, he decides to take matters into his own hands and STEAL the right kind of client.And that's when he gets in over his head.The story is pure crime noir with a technicolor twist, like Raymond Chandler meets Tim Burton.  The plot Manny uncovers is convoluted, brilliant, deeply twisted, and diabolical like you've never imagined possible.  It's also incredibly, unspeakably funny.  Tim Schaefer is one absurd individual, make no mistake.Yes, it's an old game, I know.  But the true classics know no age, and this is a classic all right.  So take advantage of the price, snap it up, and book a trip with your new favorite travel agent.  He's waiting for you... prediction:4
reviewText:Even though this game is almost 15 years old and uses a modified Quake engine, it is still one of the most FUN and best shooters ever to be made. In fact all other first person shooters and games in general can learn from Half Life 1. The game world is extremely immersive. There are no level ends, there is no text to read, there are no scores and everyone talks to you without freezing you into a cut scene. All of this makes you feel less like you are a player playing a game, but you are indeed the hero Gordon Freeman. Characters recognize you, talk to you, and you can have them come with you or stay put. Security guards that come with you will shoot enemies (slowly).The story is that you are silent protagonist Gordon Freeman (you'll feel like him by the end) and you work for Black Mesa, your standard super secret facility. Something goes horribly wrong and uh. The formula is very simple, but they execute it so well that other games have copied it and failed (Doom 3). Needless to say you need to fight your way out through the facility, on the desert (being chased by a helicopter), and everything else would just be a spoiler. There are no levels, no loading screens. Loading is seamless and happens during downtime.Half Life 1 has simple controls and an optional tutorial level. There are buttons for jumping, crouching (sneaking), using your flashlight (that needs to be off to charge it), shooting, secondary shooting (for machine guns) and "using" things. The game is always in run mode and character speed seems to be fast. Too fast sometimes, but there is that sneak button that will slow you down.But how is the first person shooting? There is a wide variety of guns and each has a certain joy and usefulness to them. Even the simple pistol is useful for lesser enemies 8 hours into the game. There is a shotgun, a machine gun with grenade launcher, grenades, explosives you detonate, wall sensors with explosives, a harpoon, a laser guided rocket launcher that once it launches you point your cursor and it will turn accordingly, lasers, homing missiles, head crabs and more. An amazing array that you continue to get even up to the final levels areas. To swap weapons you push 6 number keys and press some keys twice to access some weapons like the shotgun / machine gun / harpoon.You start with a crowbar good for breaking grates, and destroying boxes. Destroying boxes is how you will find most items and ammo. Instead of just finding things scattered on the floor, on shelves or on a desk you need to bash open boxes to find the good stuff. You can also push or pull the boxes too which is nice for puzzle solving and platforming.The enemies are just as diverse and each one requires you to think and act differently. Since I don't know the name of any enemy I'll fumble through this. The start enemies are lesser creatures that will start on the floor and jump at you. 2 shots from a pistol take them out. There are zombie-ish aliens that take a shotgun or two, but they are easy enough to avoid. Aliens that teleport in and beam electricity at you will cause you to hide, pudgy little alien crawler / hoppers will make you shoot from a distance because they will send out a small shockwave. Standard soldiers that will shoot machine guns, throw grenades and coordinate attacks against you like flanking. Ceiling huggers that are yucky red globs on the ceiling with long rope like tongues that when they catch you, you'll be pulled up and eaten... if you don't shoot them. Giant aliens with homing missiles too. There is a wide variety of enemies and bosses. I can't list them all.The game also shines with its tricks and traps and will throw a puzzle or challenge at you to keep you thinking. But in this game it doesn't feel like a puzzle or a challenge. It seems natural. There can be a hidden turret where the fun is making your choice how to take it out... Grenade, explosive, shooting it and getting shot in the process, running by it or just not hitting the trip wire to start it in general. Wall sensor explosives, push and pull box puzzles, pushing buttons, hopping hanging boxes over a pit, conveyer belts, using a sky cannon to destroy walls, using turrets, on rails vehicles that you have a lot of control over, water puzzles, high jump pads and so on. There is a lot of variety and it's never the same thing twice.To sum it up, this is a diverse and VERY FUN game. It has a sense of humor to it and you'll feel like you are Gordon Freeman through the game's well crafted immersion. Puzzles, shooting and challenges all melded together into one fantastic game and I can't say that too often. prediction:4
reviewText:I was never a big fan of the first-person shooter (FPS) genre, but after giving Half-Life a try (thanks to all of the glimmering reviews), I am absolutely hooked. From the opening tram sequence, you're mesmerized by  Gordon Freeman's plight and the falling Black Mesa world surrounding him.  It's a game that keeps you in a trance from midnight to the first crack of  sunlight (apologies to my wife!). After dishing out punishment to those  Marines, be sure to frag some people in the outstanding multiplayer modes.  The fun gets even better, and the taste of death is even sweeter when you  blow apart that guy with 196 kills. Half-Life is truly a work of art.  Opposing Forces, here I come. prediction:4
reviewText:Half Life Revolutionized PC gaming.  It is one of the greatest IF not The best pc game ever made.  It has bin said that from almost every Pc Mag or Game mag.  I was a few to own this masterpiece when it first hit stores and all I can say is...wowThis game really changed about the FPS gaming.  It just made me think different about FPS.  It truly is a masterpiece.  I won't spoil this games amazing story of the g man's adventure.  I wont even say how good this game is you just have to play it for your self.The graphics for that time was amazing and so will the upcoming HALF LIFE 2 BABY!  nuff saidThe gameplay.......You're a moron if You acctually think I'm gonna go into that since we already no how incredible the game is....Nuff' saidThe story is what makes this game...a game..it's not just any shooter...it's history in the making..well for games atleast...I'm just gonna make this short and sweet for you...THIS GAME IS AMAZING!Of course this deserves a5 out of 5 stars!!!!!!!Amazing...Just amazing...Nuff said get the game before HL2 comes out..Lates.. prediction:4
reviewText:Alright already. It's a great game. Good AI, graphics. Runs well. Atmospheric. Great story and dialogue. Comedy. Blah, blah, blah.Wait a minute. I got a complaint! That movie in the beginning. You can't escape  it. It just goes on and on babbling while you're stuck in a stupid tram  car. Sheesh. What a bore. That kind of nonsense will cost you a star.  Later, I went thru that ride a few times because I grew to like the eerie  understated music. Still, I think I should have been able to skip the intro  movie. Ruined the whole game for me. prediction:4
reviewText:Great game. Old now of course, but still fun to play. Good gameplay and pretty good graphics, not the best but good. Fun shooter. The Half-Life series is really successful and this is the game that started it. You dont have to have a great computer to play this game and thats the plus of it. I never beat this game, but got close to it, I just got stuck lol. If you are new to the Half-Life series, then this is the game to get. Check it out! prediction:4
reviewText:This has to be the most detailed and beautifully rendered game ever made.  The monsters look real, the weapons look sleek, and the animation is very realistic, with no jerkiness.  Unfortunately, this game requires totally  unreal system requirements!  Anything less than a PentiumII/300MHz  processor runs like garbage unless everything is turned down, and, well,  there goes the graphics!  This game was the chief reason for my system  being upgraded!  Also, remember the sleek weapons I described?  Well,  they're sleek, but that's it.  For crying out loud, it takes THREE HITS  with a ROCKET LAUNCHER to kill one of the BASIC enemies (the Skaarj).  There's no bang to them at all!  Plus, another good thing about Unreal is  the multiplayer games where you can play against computer-controlled  opponents (bots).  Sounds good, right?  Wrong.  Unless you put the skill  level down nearly all the way, simply aiming a gun at the bot will cause it  to zig-zag in a way that is impossible to hit, all while shooting at you  with godlike aim!  Other than the steep system requirements, the  difficulty of the bots, and the bangless weapons, the game is very good and  highly customizable for all those hackers and map makers out there.  You'll  get your money's worth, but I hope you're good at strafing while shooting,  otherwise you'll NEVER win! prediction:4
reviewText:I was feeling nostalgic last week so I started playing Unreal again.  Probably for my third time through at this point!  While Unreal doesn't have as much replay value as a game like Half Life it certainly does have its moments!  Unreal was one of those really impressive FPS games for it's time.  It boasted great graphics and intense game play.  Of course by 2008's standards these graphics merely look silly!  But if you were picking this up in '98 like I was, you were pretty impressed.I figure I'll throw in some points about playing this on a more current system, since I experienced some issues here and there.  Being a game made for Windows 98 it doesn't translate perfectly over to an XP 32 bit system.  I have no idea what this would do on Vista's 64 bit architecture.  Basically when re-installing it I got a strange error with the option to "ignore".  You can definitely get away with doing that and then it will install fine.  Strangely every time you reinsert the disc to play some more you have to cancel out of the install process and that "ignore" message comes up as well.  I'm not sure if this is just my system, but I recommend saving quite frequently, at least every time you hit a "load" screen.  For some reason the game will randomly crash after a little while and it exits out completely for you.  This can be frustrating if you've been playing for a while, because it doesn't auto save between load screens.  Otherwise it played very smoothly on the newer system.  You can also get the Unreal Anthology which has been updated to handle Windows XP.  Oh and this was on a Pentium 4, 3.0 ghz system.That being said, I'll move onto the actual review for anyone thinking about delving into this great game for their first time.  The first thing you notice is that you have almost no health.  You begin to discover why as you start wandering around a crashed space ship and it appears you were some kind of prisoner.  Naturally the first things you need to do are finding some health and then find some way out of the ship.  The ship is kind of a boring part of the level, but it leads you a bit into the story line because you clearly crash landed on an alien planet.  When you finally get out of the ship the first thing you'll notice is how amazing and stunning the world is that has been created for you.  Outside it's very bright and vibrant in spots.  This felt a little different compared to games like Quake, Half Life, Doom, because a lot of those games are very dark and have a major dungeon crawl atmosphere to them.  Unreal has a lot of that usual stuff as well, but it also has a lot of time spent outside where you get to see amazing scenery.  One thing the developers did right was making you feel like the in game world was huge!  This was really impressive and fun when you first got into it.As you explore and interact with the world you learn more about what's going on with this planet called Na Pali.  Apparently the native people are called the Nali and they've been enslaved by an alien race called the Skaarj.  The Nali are extreme pacifists and I can't help but think their designers wanted them to be Buddhists for the most part.  The Skaarj on the other hand are the main enemy of the game, though not the only enemy creatures you'll face.  They are a warrior race that pretty much takes over wherever it sees fit.  You'll notice that the Skaarj design is clearly influenced by Predator.  They have a humanoid lizard design and have a mouth design that looks just like that of a Predator.  To brandish even MORE similarities they also have energy weapons and steel double claws attached to their arms.  As you can see this isn't very original.  Another part that is kind of unoriginal/strange is the Nali castles that you come across.  They are clearly living in what we would term a medieval level society versus the Skaarj who have high grade technology.  Strangely you come across large castles that look like they're straight out of thirteenth century England.  I know... strange for a race of pacifists.  Despite all this, those parts are some of the most fun to play through.  I loved going into the castles and running around!Another aspect that made Unreal very special, when compared to other FPS games, was the sheer amount of atmosphere that is injected into this game.  It truly does feel like you're on an alien world.  The sounds, the textures, were all there perfectly bringing you into this world, almost so much that you didn't want to leave!  You even hear echoes off of cliffs if you're walking through a cavern, it's like they tried to get as many little details in order to immerse the user.  For it's time the Unreal graphics engine was also very impressive and really took things up a notch in the gaming world.  They also programmed enemies to react more realistically to the user when confronted.  So when I'm fighting against the Skaarj enemies they will actually make an effort to jump out of the way of my shots.  This was really cool to see and I really only found that in games like Half Life.The maps you have to navigate through are pretty massive at times.  I really felt like a lot of the level design was also influenced by the great game Marathon.  A lot of times in order to open a door you have to search out a series of levers, or whatever, in order to proceed onto the next section.  This game literally has hours of game play and probably took me in the vicinity of 20 to 30 hours to complete, so you really get your moneys worth.  The downfall to having such large maps is it's kind of easy to get lost sometimes if you're trying to complete certain tasks.  Another detriment to the game was the lighting.  I put this game on maximum brightness levels in order to help me see where I was going.  Sometimes that wasn't even bright enough.  There are sections of this game that are absolutely dark, especially towards the end of the game.  While this creates a very scary atmosphere, I felt it hindered the game play once in a while.  The reason this hurts game play is because the flashlight function is incredibly annoying to deal with.  You have to pick up flashlights or flares in order to see in the pitch black areas.  Now to make it more realistic the flashlights eventually run out of batteries or something, but this was poorly incorporated because they only last a few minutes.  Seriously, the flashlights in real life would NOT die so quickly and then it's up to you to go find another one.  The only reason this hurts the game is because if you no longer have light, you can't enjoy the environment nearly as much.Aside from a couple flaws this is a pretty awesome game and I had a lot of fun playing it.  In '98 this came out around the same time as Half Life and they were both the must play FPS games that year.  Half Life ultimately won the game of the year slot mainly because of story line.  Unfortunately Unreal's story line is pretty poor in the greater scheme of things.  The user doesn't really feel a greater purpose to their mission and instead you are merely trying to complete levels and puzzles.  Whereas Half Life created a vastly well written world where you were trying to get out of a facility and stop an experiment gone out of control.  Unreal just couldn't compete with something of that caliber and it's not nearly as engrossing on that level.  Beautiful world and really fun to play overall, but not the best of the year.Overall Rating: 4.5 out of 5 prediction:4
reviewText:Really enjoyed this classic FPS. Hardcore gamers wont be disappointed. i highly recommend purchasing. Graphics are great, story-line is solid (and not so short) , audio is excellent and the price is right. prediction:4
reviewText:When the day I got unreal and tried it, I loved it so much I started calling up friends and telling them how incredible thatgame was, the gameplay is one of best gameplay ever experiencedin a game, you are a prisoner in a prisoner vessel headingto a prison moon believed to be called(the prison ship):VortexRikers. But when the skaarj detect you and pull you on to the once peaceful planet of NaPali, then all goes wrong!your best friend gets eaten by a skaarj, you barely manage to escape a now turned to a skaarj slaughter prison vessel, you reach outside grounds and say this can't be real, no it's not, it's UNREAL!Unreal takes you through 39 heart beating, breath taking missions, where you fight for life to survive, collecting itemslike defenses and weapons, travel through temples, facilitys, castles, bases, mountians, journey through what napali has to offer, and end up and the skaarj mothers ship, confronting the queen skaarj.......unaided and alone!I would indenefinetley recommend this game to first person sci-fi fan shooters! prediction:4
reviewText:As a fan of Myst and Riven, I would not put this game in the same  category.  However, it does equally well for it's type.  Myst and Riven  don't have a main character that you are per se, whereas in this game, you  have a name and a face.The game puts you in the shoes of one agent Craig  Wilmore.  He is put on a case to find the missing X-files staff: Agents Fox  Mulder and Dana Scully.  As an X-files fan, I found this game very  entertaining.  As a gamer it was well within the genre of adventure games.  There were hints, stuff to pick up, things to do etc.  This was well  within the capabilities of non-X filers and should be equally entertaining.I likened this game to the Gabriel Knight 2: The Beast within and  Phantasmagoria.  Unlike Phantasmagoria, there were no gory scenes (of which  I was thankful). The people were movies of real people and not cartoons.  The dialgue though limited offered enough variability. One important point  would be to save often.  I got killed alot.The game had enough of a  plot you could figure out what to do next.  That is essential rather than  blindly clicking on everything you could pick up.All in all a good buy.  When's the next one? prediction:4
reviewText:We stopped watching the series (lack of time) and so this was a nice way  to keep the excitement going. The game is good, perhaps a little  disorienting at first. I spent the first hour sitting at Craig Willmore's  desk, doing nothing :)Once you get the hang of it, though, it follows  quite nicely. Because you have so much freedom in navigation (you decide  where to go, but things won't happen until you come back to the right place  at the right time), it feels like the game is non-linear. In fact, it is  rather linear, although you have a few variations. I wasn't disappointed in  the ending, but not thrilled either, it didn't blow me away. We got stuck a  couple of times, but we managed to make it without a walkthrough in about a  week.The rule of this game is SAVE OFTEN. And organize your saves. Keep  the last save before you change CDs (they correspond roughly to major  developments). You might need to restart from there because you forgot to  do something crucial. Or because you died (I got killed a lot too). You  need lots of frequent saves, and a few less recent, and a few even less  recent not to have to restart from scratch if you believe you forgot  something at the beginning of the game. But overall, the storyline is quite  intuitive and you'll be fine if you make connections.Buy this game if  you like the series but you're not a fanatic (you'd be disappointed). And  you'll have a good time if you can stand occasionally being stuck and turn  it into a challenge rather than into a frustration. prediction:4
reviewText:I used to love this game; but now it's dated and now that I look back on it, it's not as fun now, either way, here's my review.Graphics: 8.5/10. This is a more realistic snowboarding game, so there are very realistic colors; unlike snowboarding kids or anything with very bright colors. 1080 features very realistic physics and is very sophisticated. Anyways, the graphics I remember loving mainly because of the powdery snow. I liked to edge in deep snow just because it was it was so fluffy. For that, this game got what it got in this category.Sound: 9/10. Whether you go through a foot of snow or right accross jagged ice, there's a different noise. There is a different sound for everything, which is strange because really for the most part in many games on the N64 there is the same or a very similar song for everything in the game.Control: 8/10. Very, very realistic and solid, but It's frustrating for that reason. it is really realistic so you really have to land FLAT to get land, which can be frustrating for little kids. There is also damage; so if you get beat up a lot you will not win the race.Fun: 8.5/10. Nice and realistic, great events, and different difficulties for every age and cool characters make this a must play for any  owner of an N64.9/10 prediction:4
reviewText:This game definitly fits the thought I had of a snowboarding game when I set out to buy one. The graphics are moderately realstic, the control is ok, and the sound is mediocre. I think they could of done a lot better job designing a game like this, but this edition suffices.It is one of the only snowboarding games on the N64, which was one of the reasons i bought it. Another reason is the outstanding multiplayer coordination. I bought this as soon as I played it at a friend's house. You unfortunatley play with only 2 players at a time, but it is still fun to play your friend head to head.  There are 6 courses, and under single player you can also do half pipe and air make. There are 5 characters that you can use to race, and more of which you can unlock. since there are only 60 head to head course combinations, there are other things you can do, like trick or time attacks.This can take a bit to get used to, as it can be boring for the single player. If you have a will and a friend however, this game will surely be worth it. prediction:4
reviewText:Once you get the hang of the controls, this game is awesome... it's challenging and entertaining, and everyone should have one.This game has amazing graphics-- you can even see the snow spray off the board when you make the slightest turn. Plus, the camera controls are flawless. The sound track is pretty good, too- you can hear the snowboard scraping and the snowboarders sometimes talk, and the techo tracks that accompany the races are pretty cool too.My only complaint is that there aren't enough courses. After I unlocked the 6 courses and beat the &quot;Black Diamond&quot; level, there wasn't much else to do. But even after you've unlocked all the courses, it's still fun to play against your friends in the 2 Person VS mode, or doing tricks in the half pipe.I think that anyone who has a N64 should add this game to their collection, without a doubt... it's a solid game, and you won't regret it. prediction:4
reviewText:9 out of 10 people will probably see this, and pass it up as another cheap RPG, for one thing you only have 1 dungeon (gasp) when you leve you level back down to 1 (GAsp), and you capture monster just like in Pokemon (GASP).  No it's not a compelation of rip off's, this is a classic that is highly addicting, and incredibly fun, if given a chance.The story revolves around a young lad (you name) who on his fifteenth birthday is given the opportunity to become a hunter and explore the depths of the Monster Tower to retrieve riches, however to do so he must not only survive, but grow as a trainer and as a man.  In comes the Kewe, the monster you will likely use for a majority of the game.  He is a fire type (there are only three types) and he is your brief tutorial, and key to success early on.... YOu also must build up your respect to the townsfolk, to do this you must enlarge certain places (Temple, Hospital) and build new things (Library, Gym, Casino, Race Track, Bowling Alley ect..) and the town will grow to respect you.Now as for the tower it'self, there are 40 floors, everytime you leave you go back down to level 1.  No it's not immpossible for two reasons.A) Your monsters level stays the same when you leave, this is due to the fact that they are more like equipment.B) Weapons and armors stay the same, when a red or blue sand is used your weapons and armor grow more powerful, so technically you can easily dominate the first few levels without you monsters assistance.Overall this game is tricky, you will die the first few times (lose all your items except monsters)  but once they are strong enough you can succeed.  There are 40 randomly changeing floors and they get more and more difficult as you go along.  YOu must adjust your mosnters accordingly by class.A)FireB)WindC)WaterFire beats Wind, Water beats Fire, Wind Beats Water.I would buy this for the challenge it possess, guarennteed addiction. prediction:4
reviewText:This is most likely one of the best N64 Games Ever made, Its way better then Super mario 64 in everyway (and possibly Zelda too), its rich, colorful and very addicting, The soundtracks are also one of my favorite things about the game- it has a happy and also very awesome tune to them making them addictive (you just cant stop listening to it!), and the world designs (10 total I believe) are all very Beautiful and Gorgeous, I've beaten the game to 100% and I still go back to the worlds and gaze in thier amazement, its just really cool, this game is a MUST HAVE for any Nintendo 64 player, Im serious if you dont have this, your missing out BIG time.PS. check out its Sequel Banjo-Tooie after you've bought this! prediction:4
reviewText:I've had this game since way back when it was released; I just never got the chance to write a review.The Story: Banjo's sister, Tooty, was "the most beautiful girl around" and Grunty the witch wanted her beauty, so she pulled an Amber Alert and took her to her lair. Banjo's lazy bum the whole time was sleeping. It's up to you to get jiggy's and notes and what-not to stop Grunty and get Banjo's sister back.Graphics: 9.5/10. Awesomely different and creative worlds. From a sewer, to a pirate ship on an island, to a desert and into an icy snowland, there are tons of different and unique worlds to play through. The graphics are stellar for the N64, with bright colors and cool characters with good animations. This is one of the best N64 games as far as graphics go next to games like Donkey Kong 64 and Legend Of Zelda: Majora's Mask.Sound: 9/10. There aren't really any voices in this game; just kind of sound effects that are different for each character. Blubber on Treasure Grove Cove sounds like he's burping or throwing up, Kazooie sounds like a gagging bird, Banjo sounds like a big old hick of a bear... and so on. The music in this game, though, is some of the catchiest and the best music i've heard in really any adventure game. The music doesn't really get old, and whoever created it is brilliant. Overall, the sound is really, really good.Control: 8.5/10. Being an adventure game, there are a lot of different controls for a lot of different moves. And since the N64 controller is the way it is ( pretty annoying ) it's easy to get confused even after playing for hours on end, just because you go brain dead. The controls are a bit strange at first to do some of the attacks, but you will get used to them anyways.Fun: 9/10. A great game from beginning to end. Get the jiggys, move on. Get the notes, move on. That simple? No. This game is challenging and is for all ages, even if it does have a kiddy approach. The game lasts maybe 40 hours or so depending on how fast you get through the game. Great characters, great level design, and fantastic music makes this a must buy. This is one of the best games on the N64, and I.M.O., the best adventure game. Pick this game up now; it is better than its sequel and the Game Boy Advanced ones, even if all three are fantastic. Buy this game!!9.3/10 prediction:4
reviewText:Rare just has an extraordinary knack at making great games. Banjo Kazooie was released in 1998 and has been considered a classic since, and I too must agree with this well deserved honor. Well, why do I find this game fantastic? Well, I'll explain that in my review.First off let's talk about Banjo Kazooie's story. Banjo's sister Tooty is kidnapped by the wicked witch Gruntilda. Gruntilda has planned on swapping Tooty's beauty to her, but not if Banjo and his friend Kazooie can help it! Okay, seriously this story is pretty lame, but hey! It's a game. In My opinion, no matter how good the graphics are, or how great the story is, it all boils down to one thing. And that's gameplay. And Banjo Kazooie has fantastic gameplay.In Banjo Kazooie you play as Banjo and...well...Kazooie, and Kazooie stays inside Banjo's backpack at all times, but she's not useless. They both work as a team and learn many moves, which brings us to our next character, Bottles. Bottles the mole helps you learn different moves to help you defeat Gruntilda and rescue Tooty. But do you just walk up to Gruntilda and save Tooty? Not at all, there are several items to collect to defeat Gruntilda. The most important one is jiggies, there are ten jiggies in each world and you need several items to collect them. Along the way Bottles teaches you to use certain items, such as eggs to shoot through Kazooie's mouth, or how to fly when you collect enough feathers. Another essential item to collect is mumbo tokens. Gruntilda has hidden mumbo tokens all around her enormous lair and if you collect enough you can visit the great shaman Mumbo Jumbo and he will transform you into different creatures to help you along your journey. So you have plenty to do in this game, I can guarantee that. Another essential item are music notes, in each world one hundred music notes are scattered all around and if you collect enough you can open new doors in Gruntilda's massive lair. But I do find it to become quite tedious sometimes. Why? You may ask. Because each time you leave and re-enter a world all the notes are still there, no matter how many you've collected. Let's say you've collected ninety-nine out of the hundred possible music notes to collect, well if you leave the world and re-enter, you would have to collect all ninety nine notes again, you couldn't go searching for the one music note you hadn't collected. And while yet this situation is highly unlikely, it's still annoying no matter how many notes you have to re-collect. Fortunately, if you don't care about collecting all one hundred music notes, you don't have to because the game automatically saves the amount you've collected.There aren't too many moves to learn in Banjo Kazooie, and it didn't take me long to master them. And there aren't many control problems, actually the controls are almost perfect. But I did get frustrated with a feature that was not added in the game, I wish Banjo could hang on to ledges, there was many times in Clanker's Cavern where I could almost reach a ledge,  but it was just barely out of reach because I couldn't hang on to the ledge. While yet this wasn't too big of a deal, I think that feature could of made the game a little less frustrating. I was also very pleased with camera control, there are three angles to choose from except in a few rare areas and I found it easy to maneuver.I told you this game was made in 1998, right? Well the graphics are terrific. The different atmospheres to this game make it twice more enjoyable. You can relax in broad daylight in Treasure Trove Cove, or wonder at dark in Mad Monster Mansion. And I thought the last world Click Clock Wood was absolutely brilliant, it's a forest and you collect jiggies in the four season's spring, summer, fall and winter. I especially loved Freezeezy Peak, and it was so much fun climbing the huge snowman.I also loved the music in this game, each beat is catchy and it never got repetitive for me, and the sound effects were great as well...well the only complaint I could have is that there is no dialogue in the game, but I actually found the weird sounds from the characters kind of funny and I loved the insults between Kazooie and Bottles and Gruntilda's rhymes cracked me up, that's another reason I love this game, it has such a charm to it, not like some newer games, to many games have steered away from being innocent and charming, and this game has this quality.What more can I say? This game is fun to play, it has great replay value, the music, sounds and the worlds all sound and look absolutely fantastic and the difficult final fight with Gruntilda at the end was indeed terrific as well. It took me thirty hours to complete (without a guide) and I had so much fun solving puzzles and this game can test your mind at certain times. I will admit I did need help online for a few jiggies, but the ending sequence makes the occasional frustrations all worthwhile, very satisfying if you ask me. I'm now very anxious to play Banjo Tooie, as it's been claimed to be even better than the original. Banjo Kazooie is highly recommended, this game is indeed a classic. prediction:4
reviewText:Goldeneye 007, Killer Instint, The Donkey Kong Country series, Conker, Diddy Kong Racing....those were the good ol' days when Rare was still relevant.  Before they sold their souls to Microsoft and lost all credibility.  And in my opinion, the peak of Rare was with the Banjo games (kazooie & tooie) on Nintendo 64.  Kazooie, to me, defines the N64 3-D platformer.  While many will say Mario 64, which is a near perfect game.  I think the Nostalgia sometimes forgets how much BETTER Banjo Kazooie was.  Back in '98 rare was on a roll.  This game was yet another grandslam.  A brand new franchise, cut from scratch.  And it's absolutely amazing.  I won't go into all the details and story as my fellow reviewers have already made clear.  All I can add is this game is easily one of the best games of the late 90's.  It was a game I picked up and loved immediately.  My only question is WHAT the **** happened to rare?!!  They were so amazing with Nintendo, then dropped bomb after bomb for the X-Box consoles.  I'm not a Nintendo fanboy, so don't even go there.  But Rare took a big dookie all over this series with the newer games on Microsoft consoles.  The 1998 game will always be the best.  And I hope someday the brothers who originally ran Rare will comeback to bring the infamous "Banjo Threeie" to life on any console!! prediction:4
reviewText:Banjo Kazooie is a game I've played many times since I got it in the early 2000s and while its fun, its not the most entertaining game I've played. There's two main objectives in Banjo Kazooie: hunting and gathering. You hunt for these jigsaw pieces called Jiggys to help you complete jigsaw puzzles to open worlds. You gather all sorts of items within each level like musical notes, Jinjos, Mumbo tokens, feathers, etc. This concept gets boring after awhile but nevertheless the game is pretty fun as a whole. I'd recommend the sequel, Banjo Tooie, instead as its 10 times more entertaining. prediction:4
reviewText:Banjo-Kazooie is one of my favorite games, and it works perfectly after all these years and being shipped around the country. perfect. prediction:4
reviewText:I've never really had enough of an attention span to play "collect the item" games, but this particular one is really great. It has enough action and puzzle involved to hold the attention of even a gamer like me (with, honestly and unfortunately, a terribly short attention span) for hours at a time, with enough elements of finding things you'll need later to keep you playing and replaying each level. A truly great game, and I wish more of the sort were made these days. I feel way too young to be saying this, but they just don't make them like this anymore!On a side note, the cartridge I received has some... Interesting connections. I'd guess the previous owner loved and played it as much as I do haha. prediction:4
reviewText:I have never played anything like this since. Everything from Sly  Racoon, to Ratchet and Clank, owe it to this.Wicked witch Gruntilda takes Banjo's sister to hey layer, miles away in a realistic 3D cartoon world.Banjo is a bear with Kazooie a bird in his backpack that can help him jump and fly and basically you learn to do lots of things with it. You solve puzzles via action and collect tolkens across lovely maps. Mumbo Jumbo transforms Banjo into some other creatures along the way. You can fly. It was amazing. A full adventure all the way to end. We played it for months and I have NEVER played anything like it again. The makers of Donkey Kong released it at the best time. It is now up to the future generations to make adventure concepts better than this one. This is one of the best N64 games ever. prediction:4
reviewText:Banjo-Kazooie is an action adventure game in the style of Super Mario 64. However, it is similar, yet also quite different. Rather than having most of the skills you need at the beginning of the game, you learn a few in the very beginning, and then learn the remaining skills throughout the first six worlds (there are nine, but they are much larger than the fifteen in Mario 64). Notes are like coins, and jiggies are like stars. However, rather than six stars in each world, there are 10 jiggies to find in each world, and 10 in the witch's castle (much like the castle secret stars). Also, you can transform in five of the nine massive levels with the help of the crazy witch doctor Mumbo-Jumbo. Generally, it will help you get at least 1 Jiggy in the world, and they can do things that Banjo and Kazooie can't on their own. Throughout the game, you get to transform into a termite (level 1), an alligator (level 4), a walrus (level 5), a pumpkin (level 7), and a bee (level 9).The nine massive worlds are each very different from eachother. But how fun are they? Well, they're all very fun to play in, mainly because the tunes in each world really match the mood, from eerie funeral dirges to peppy shipyard music, this game has that and then some. Overall, I highly recommend it. If you read my previous review of the game Banjo-Tooie, you'd see why I enjoyed the sound effects so much. Once more, I highly recommend this game. prediction:4
reviewText:CRASH is my favorite videogame character.. i remember playing it when it first came out with my sister on the PS1 waaaaay back.... This is SO fun. I love this game!!!!!! JUST BUY ITTTT prediction:4
reviewText:Once again, Crash Bandicoot takes a big step up to greatness! "Crash Bandicoot 3: WARPED" was fantastic! It was even better than the second one. Better graphics, story, music, and gameplay.The enemies were fun just like in the first one and the new vehicles available were awesome, like the bi-planes, space fighter, Pura the Tiger, and the jet-ski. Also, it wasn't as difficult to gather the Crystals and Gems as it was in the second part. The environments were better and the new powers that Crash Bandicoot acquires are totally awesome: the Super Belly-Flop, Speed Shoes, Death-Tornado Spin Attack, and the totally awesome Fruit Bazooka! This is definitely one of the best of the games in the Crash Bandicoot Trilogy. You Crash fans MUST get this game! prediction:4
reviewText:Crash Bandicoot: Warped = Orange, cool, creative, fuzzy, neat, great graphics, awesome design, introduction of secret levels for the series, power-ups, new bosses (including a big boss), and a new playable character.  These things are what make this a major improvement on the two previous games.  Crash 1 was a breakthrough, Crash 2 opened up a new world, and this game completely blows it all away.  This was how I got hooked on Crash Bandicoot.  I played this and loved it.  I recommend it. prediction:4
reviewText:Graphics: 10/10 - The best visuals of the series! The colours shine fantastically and it all looks stunningly beautiful. The characters are clear and the game has backgrounds I could feast on.Sound: 9/10 - Great uses of evil voicing and fantastic sound editing detail makes Crash 3's sound get a notch up.Value: 10/10 - You'll be begging for more!Overall: 10/10 - Fantastically detailed game that mixes genres and characters into a big story that erupts with fabulous enjoyment. In short: buy it. prediction:4
reviewText:Let me tell you all about this great game. I wouldn't want to give the story away, but let me tell you: The original two are no match for this great game! This game has 30 new colorful and nice levels, and 2 hidden ones. Almost all of them have nice and pretty graphics. There are more features too. For one thing, there is the Time Trial mode, in which you go through the levels in a certain amount of time, and you will get relics. You can play as Coco, riding her adorable tiger Pura, a jetski, a blimp, and a couple more. Crash himself can do some more things, like a Super Belly Flop, a Double Jump, a Triple Spin, use Speed Shoes and use a Fruit Bazooka for long range attacks. Also, he can ride an airplane, a motorcycle, a baby T-Rex and more. Also, even dying is humorous. Now for the game's one flaw: It is hard to be challenged. However, there are 3 types of relics. If you get all of the Sapphire Relics, you can get a really good ending. If you get all the Gold Relics, you get 105%. But the Platinum Relics require a master to collect. So, if you like all that's said, and even if you didn't, you will definitely love it. prediction:4
reviewText:I came upon this game in the late 90s/early 00s. Me and a couple of friends would play it religiously and I must say that although the characters are better and more original in this game, Perfect Dark (if you haven't had a chance to play that) is the superior shooter.They both are fun in their own right though. They were both made by Rare which did WONDERS for the N64 gracing us with the aforementioned games and also Diddy Kong Racing which I played for hours on end with friends also.Fun levels to play in and the music was pretty damn good too. Like I said, I liked the characters, Natalia being my absolute favorite and I kept coming back to this game.Even the single-player mode was fun. Just not nearly as fun as the multi-player mode.Fun: Single-Player: C+ Multi-player: B+Sound: B-Characters: B+Controls: A-Overall: B prediction:4
reviewText:In the year 1997, Goldeneye was released for the Nintendo 64 by Rare, an unknown company and new 2nd party developer. Rare had already made several games for the NES and enters the Nintendo 64 market with this release based on the classic James Bond movie of the same title. You can ask anyone who had a Nintendo 64 if they ever played this game and why it was so popular. You're guaranteed to hear 2 reasons in particular why this game is so revered.REASON #1: This game is a prime example of how a developer took its time to make this game. It was more than 2 years since the movie it was based on came out and Rare had access to everything concerning the movie from the original orchestral music, likeness of the main characters and locations to the bonus villains of other James Bond movies such as Oddjob and Mayday. They didn't rush this out the door like some developers do when they wanted their games released alongside the films it was based on and it always guaranteed to be a huge mistake. This game was a huge success and is still played by many video gamers.REASON #2: Nintendo had no idea that the multi-player section of this game would be just as popular to play in or more popular than the single player mode. Rare admitted in an interview after the game was released that they had no intentions of putting together a multi-player mode until later in its development stages. Though it may be limited by today's standards, you had the basics: several stages based on the single player mode, all of the weapons were available, all of the main characters plus the enemy soldiers and classic Bond villains and several game modes such as free for all death match, team death match, you only live twice (2 lives) etc. and you can select the weapons in group categories along with time limits per match. This added a lot of re-playability after you finished the single player mode.If you don't have a Nintendo 64, this game is reason enough to get it. This game helped Nintendo sell so many systems and it is a title I highly recommend getting if you can find it. It's a great game to play by yourself and an absolute blast to play with 3 of your friends. Peace. :) prediction:4
reviewText:I have fond memories of this game, and still get together to play it with friends.Before GoldenEye, first person shooters were primarily PC affairs, played with a keyboard and mouse, and multiplayer required either internet or network capabilities, which, at the time, I didn't have. GoldenEye changed this. Just like Mario Kart, you could get four players hooked in. Except instead of bumping Bowser off a race track, you were running around and laying down the heat as Bond, or one of his allies/antagonists. There are plenty of modes, arenas, and weapons to choose from, ranging from deathmatch to 'flag tag'. And once in a while you have to play with "slappers only."In addition to the Multiplayer aspects, it has an excellent Single-Player mode. It's mission objective based (meaning that failure is entirely possible), and as difficulty increases, so do the number of objectives and conditions you have to fulfill.The music is also notable. Sure it's entirely synhtesized/MIDI, but in those days, that was the state of the art. The music fits the scenes pretty well, mostly being varied riffs on the classic John Barry Bond theme, some being a little different.The game contains a nice variety of weapons and plenty of secrets to unlock ( by speedrunning levels while fulfilling all objectives).Whether you've never played this classic or you're looking back on the 'good old days', you should play it. Thisis Rare's N64 Masterwork ( Perfect Dark is pretty sweet, too). prediction:4
reviewText:I LOVE THIS GAME. It is so funny and a bit hard to beat. The hardest level is in the temple where a shuttle is launching and you have to collect data, kill Jaws, get launch tape and launch the shuttle. My favorite level is the Facility Level. That level is so funny and you can shoot the scientists, but it will fail the mission if they were killed. My cousin and I love to blow up the enemies and scientists. My favorite is shooting the scientists and enemies in their butts and they would jump up and down rubbing their butts and then they will fight back and the scientists will threw grenades at you. The controls are easy and this game is better and funnier than the movie. BUY THIS GAME. prediction:4
reviewText:Awesome controls, greta levels, killer music, loads of cool guns and awesome James Bond.  The perfect shooter!  Played this one a lot. prediction:4
reviewText:I still get this game out. Everything is ideal, if they can't recreate this it will be a shame. N64 ruled in the old days, this and Mario were so amazingly fun, it was constant, you could play for months on end and still love it to death while finding something entirely new and exciting. prediction:4
reviewText:Ever since I purshased GOLDENEYE 007 on the old N64, I became highly addicted to it, like many other gamers around the world. I also have to thank this game as well, because it made me a hardcore James Bond fan.This is the best first-person shooting game ever! Although dated, the detail of this game is amazing. There's over 14 levels of shooting! My favorite missions are the first level, the Silo mission, the Train mission, and the very last level.Highly recommended game; it fuels the senses! If you like James Bond, or any type of video game, get it! Mostly all of you have. prediction:4
reviewText:I got this game when it first came out which was a couple years ago, but I'm just now writing the review, strange isn't it?  This game is what makes having an N64 so great!  The graphics are just sweet.  The story pretty much follows the movie, and alters a little things to make it more enjoyable for us gamers.  This game is very easy to control.  That's one of the best things about it. The controls are placed if logical places, and it's better than the Turok controls.  The best part of this game is the multiplayer.  It's what made the game so famous.  Killing your friends has never been this much fun.  I'll never get tired of one of my friends walking in a hallway, unsuspecting that a proximity mine is waiting there to take his digital life.  The best multiplayer level has got to be the facility.  But I'll let you, the buyer, decide for yourself.  Another game I recommend, and that's probebly better is Perfect Dark. prediction:4
reviewText:Goldeneye has to be one of the best multiplayer games ever.  I still play this game against friends even though i have a ps2 now.  The graphics are still ok to look at, even though i have seen far better on dc and ps2. It has excellant replay value and is very challenging to defeat on all difficulty settings.  Pick this up if you want the best fps on n64. prediction:4
reviewText:This is one of my favorite FPS's of all time. It stands right alongside Halo, and Battlefield 1942. The single player missions are done wonderfully, the enviroments are great, and the multiplayer is the best I have ever played.BUY THIS! prediction:4
reviewText:This is the best shoot em up on the N64. I was very impressed with the game play, the graphics, the action, the multi player fun, everything.... the only downfall about the game is I wanted more, more, more. The cheats are great when you unlock them and the best thing is you dont need a memory card, everything saves on the cartridge. RARE actualy managed to compress a game that was too big for the N64 into this game somehow, and it suprises me that it does not even use the N64 Expansion pack to do that!!! This game is not just hoursand hours of fun, but days, weeks, years . i still play this cool game even today! prediction:4